Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Wall Street Has No Idea What Elon Is Actually Building
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4rpmCU4fRI
Published:   2026-04-07 19:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-07 19:56 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla's got a lot of risks, a lot of
competition, and there's some things
that Wall Street's missing. What I want
to know is what are the risks? What am I
not seeing? Who is the competition? And
how extreme is it? Here with me to
discuss this matter is CERN Basher, who
you may know from, you know, all the
shows uh this channel, Wrighter with
Herbert, and many others. Uh we're going
to get into that and figure out if
there's something, if we have a blind
spot, what are we missing? I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurza,
&gt;&gt; CERN. It's so great to have you back
again.
&gt;&gt; It's good to be here, Brian. Thanks for
having me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I appreciate. By the way, I do
appreciate that you uh came out for the
show. To my delight and surprise. All of
the guests that I invited today said
yes. Every single one. It was amazing.
So,
&gt;&gt; this is a this is a good day to join you
on on a show.
&gt;&gt; It sure is. You guys look at it and
you're like, April 1st, futurazza, I
have to, right? I don't ask many favors.
So, the risks we are, it's 2026. We've
got some very ambitious goals coming up
in the future.
&gt;&gt; Are we putting ourselves at risk? What
are the big risks that investors should
be looking for right now?
&gt;&gt; I think most investors would say the
biggest risk is what they would call
delays. As we know, Elon is very
optimistic and I believe that most of
that optimism comes from his need to
find a way to motivate and drive his
team to do things that otherwise are
just not humanly possible. And also it
may be optimism in terms of that he has
in terms of solving some of these
unsolved problems sooner rather than
later and then of course realizing over
time that no actually these are quite
difficult and it takes takes more time.
&gt;&gt; Um so I think there's there's a
collection around that now. So people
have certain expectations. Uh Robo Taxi
rolled out uh you know last year in the
summer in June. Um and I think by now I
think most people would have had the
expectation that Robo Taxi would have a
lot more vehicles in the fleet and
probably would have been unsupervised by
now.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And here we are now in April and we're
still waiting for that. And so I think
that's been disappointing for some. My
question with that is has that been put
off indefinitely? like is there a
problem with the technology? I believe
the answer to that is no. And why do I
say that? It's because I use FSD in my
vehicle. I see how great it is. I see
what the potential is and I'm confident
that they'll resolve the remaining
little knits that that we see
&gt;&gt; and I I believe that there are truly
this little knits at this point.
&gt;&gt; I have had a similar experience with
FST. It is very rare to have any
problems. But what's really exciting is
how comfortable it's gotten. you can uh
do whole drives from parking spot to
parking spot without thinking about it,
without worrying that it's going to do
something stupid. Now, I still when I
hear the blinker go on, I check my
mirrors and my cameras, but I also kind
of know that the blinker is about to
come on because I know where I'm going
because this is my neighborhood. But
I've driven this thing everywhere. I've
driven it halfway across the country and
back more than once. Um, I know what it
does well. And so, uh, the comfort when
you get someone new in the car who's
never experienced it to see the the
little bits of joy they get from it just
doing things that are frankly kind of
boring. I'd love to make more FSD
videos, but what is there to show? And
we do have 143 apparently out to
employees now coming uh perhaps as soon
as the weekend for customers maybe a
little later. Uh it doesn't matter to me
when but I would agree that this is
later than I expected considering the
roll out last June. Other risks we might
not be thinking about. What about risks
surrounding Terapab?
&gt;&gt; Well let's just go back to the first one
if I may real quick. And by the way, I
did an analysis in terms of if you look
at the present value of a company and
you delay, in Tesla's case, delay robo
taxi by a year, you just push everything
back a year. What does that do to the
present value of the stock? It it it
declines by about 2 to 3%.
&gt;&gt; So as slow as this initial roll out has
been, Tesla could actually easily catch
up to where people's expectations might
have been a year ago for where where
they will be a year from now. So it's
not necessarily all is lost. You know, I
think most of us kind of think in these
linear terms and it's like, oh my gosh,
they're not where I thought they would
be. Therefore, they'll never get to
where I thought they'll be. And I would
say, let's not make that mistake,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; So, in terms of other risks, yeah, so
we've got terap. So, terrab is a risk in
the sense that this is a great big hole
that they're going to sink a lot of
money into. The question I think I would
have for people is, well, Elon has sunk
a lot of money into a lot of holes
before. How well has that turned out?
His track record is not perfect.
&gt;&gt; No, but good,
&gt;&gt; but perfection is not what what we're
looking for here, right? Um, and again,
if he's not making some mistakes, then
maybe he's not pushing the envelope hard
enough. So, if you think about Terraab,
Elon has made the decision or the the
come to an understanding that there's
not going to be enough semiconductors
for all the products that Tesla wants to
be able to produce at some point in the
future. Whether that's, you know, 100
million cyber cabs, whether that's a
billion robots, whether that's all these
AI data centers in space, whatever
number that's going to be, a terowatt
per year.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Elon's decided that if he doesn't make
this happen, doesn't build the chips,
then he won't be able to do those other
things. So in some ca some sense you
could say well this is actually reducing
the risk of the company by doing this
&gt;&gt; because if you get to that point in the
future where you want to build a billion
robots and you can't because there's not
enough chips because nobody built the
fabs you know seven years before that's
a bad spot to be in.
&gt;&gt; And I think he's he's saying we've got
big aspirations. We need to make sure
that we get there. And and by the way I
think there is an effect here. it will
force TSMC and Samsung to invest more
than they otherwise planned.
&gt;&gt; I can agree with that. So my thought was
the risk is losing a bunch of money and
not making any chips, which is a real
risk. And you're saying the bigger risk
is not having enough chips. And then you
hit a point in growth where all of a
sudden you're going to have to pay three
times more for the bots or car because
we just don't have enough chips. Um, and
you're saying that uh just this
appearance, this very real appearance,
this emergence of competition from Tesla
should motivate the competition to step
it up, guys. Step it up. And I would say
that real quick. Uh, Brian Reby drives
electric popped in to say, "The biggest
risk is the friends we made along the
way." Thank you, Brian. Great channel.
Check him out if you get a chance,
everybody. The the other thing too I
think on that Brian is is that this the
first part of this process they're not
building the terra fab right away.
They're building the advanced technology
fab
&gt;&gt; on the Giga Texas campus. It's a fairly
large building.
&gt;&gt; The Kato road of batteries except for
chips if you will.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's kind of an R&amp;D research
facility the way I understood it that
allows for fast iteration, learn from
mistakes, do you know figure something
else out. And I think if Elon is true to
form, he's going to take the learnings
from that facility and he's going to
push it out to TSMC and Samsung kind of
like he did with the 48vt architecture
given the manual to the other auto
companies.
&gt;&gt; And I think if Elon learned something uh
from a different approach to etching the
designs on the chips or packaging the
chips or whatever it is that he's going
to share that with the other companies.
So I think actually this is a really
positive thing for the entire industry
&gt;&gt; um and probably also reduces the risk
for Tesla going down the line because
there is still a point where he says
okay I've got this advanced technology
fab and you know what we figured out
that we can't do it. So it's not as
though that they've sunk then 25 billion
into a fab that's not going to work.
They will discover I think fairly earn
fairly early on in the process whether
or not this actually is viable. And I
think this is the first step.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Because that advanced technology fab is
not going to cost them 25 or $50 billion
to make.
&gt;&gt; How much is it going to cost?
&gt;&gt; I don't know. But it's going to be less
than that. It's not it's not the cost of
building a terap.
&gt;&gt; Oh. Uh I don't know the scale of the
limited run chip proof of concept thing.
Um I just know that chip fabs foundaries
are eyewasheringly expensive even if you
know what you're doing. And most people
don't know what they're doing. Uh very I
mean even intel struggles. I had a
chance to interview
interview I had a chance to talk with an
Intel employee who didn't know who I was
and gave me information uh that uh
explained to me part of the problem
Intel had was that if on a wafer if they
had failures that they would you know
bin them and sell them as inferior
chips. And that was a problem because it
became such an ingrained part of the
business model that there was no reason
to get better chips to have better
quality control and it led to them
having just bad chips just having bad
processes uh that came back to really
bite them. Uh so the thing that looked
good to the MBAs was terrible for the
long term because it forced inferiority
and uh that's not good. You don't want
that. So yeah, on
Optimus, what are the risks? And and
actually real quick before we do that,
on Terraab, is there competition we
should be looking out for? Is Intel or
TSMC or, you know, Micron going to be
making super cheap chips that make the
whole point of Terraab pointless?
&gt;&gt; Well, and if and if they do, then that's
great.
&gt;&gt; Tesla wins either way here. If if Tesla
builds this themselves because they have
to, then that's great. That that fills
the need that they have. If other
companies step up to the table and
figure out a way to do this better than
Tesla, then Tesla wins because they
don't have to then invest all the money.
&gt;&gt; So that's a substantial d-risk right
there.
&gt;&gt; I think so.
&gt;&gt; On Optimus, there is infinite
competition today and a lot of it is
extremely wellunded or at least
sufficiently funded. Uh what are the
risks on Optimus?
&gt;&gt; Well, there's the difference between I
think early risks and sort of later
stage risks. And to me, Optimus is kind
of a more of a later stage game in terms
of figuring out who the ultimate
survivors are going to be. So like we've
seen in a lot of industries, personal
computer industry, you had hundreds of
companies come out with PCs or other
other types of devices. And eventually
that gets whittleled down to the the
producers that are the most efficient
and and iterate faster and and so on.
And I think we're going to see the same
thing with the humanoid robot. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And so Tesla as a manufacturer, I think,
will stand up very well against maybe a
startup company that today might look
like they have better technology. Even
if Tesla falls behind and this startup
company starts selling robots, well, you
know, Tesla's going to buy one and
they're going to pull it apart and learn
everything they can from it. Just like
the automakers tried to do with Tesla's
EVs, not successfully in their and for
perhaps the Chinese companies,
&gt;&gt; they were successful in tearing them
apart. Yes, they were. They were uh that
was probably hard enough for them, but
yes, they were successful in doing that.
So, I I think it's more of a long run
game. I'm not so worried about where is
Tesla's technology today versus the
latest video that we see from XYZ robot
company. It's exciting to watch. I'm I'm
glad that there's a lot of development
and competition in this industry. I
think that that is fantastic. I do think
Tesla thrives with competition even
though we haven't seen much in the EV
space.
I think this is good for them. I think
that it'll light a fire under the team
to to to work as hard as they can and
develop the best bot they can possibly
develop and then immediately iterate on
the next one. And I think Tesla excels
in that iteration process and Tesla
excels in the manufacturing at scale.
And do they have the best development
team in the world? I don't know. We
don't know that yet. I guess we'll soon
find out with the unveil of Optimus 3. I
would argue that you don't have to be
the best to win a particular race. The
market is big enough that there's room
for many competitors to succeed.
&gt;&gt; And if you've if you don't have the best
engineers, what do you have? Well, we
have more compute than the competition.
We know that. We know that without a
doubt. And we have better manufacturing
capabilities than anyone except maybe
Boston Dynamics because Hyundai is very
good at manufacturing, but Hyundai can't
compete on the compute. So, uh, you've
got at least two of the advantages you
need. And I would argue that Tesla will
not be competing on price. That is not
their objective. Uh, they're competing
on capability. And if the capability is
there, a a Unitary robot is going to
remain one of the most affordable little
novelties out there, but it can't do
much other than draw people into your
booth. Does that really well. Uh so I'm
not so worried about that. In terms of
who the competition is, I would say, and
I I'd like your opinion, it's way too
soon to know who the leaders in 10 years
will be and which companies will be
gone.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't think that we should
necessarily worry or focus on that right
now.
&gt;&gt; I
&gt;&gt; the landscape's going to change so
dramatically.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um it's just exciting right now to see
all the different development. It's
exciting to see how these robots are
moving in ways that they weren't moving
six months or a year ago.
&gt;&gt; Um, and then certainly the AI part, the
brains of the robot is is developing
rapidly as well. And we're getting to
the point where I think we're going to
start to see some pretty amazing things
over the next couple of years from all
these different types of robots.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Hopefully Tes Tesla pushes the envelope
to the extent they can. I hope others
do, but and that's only going to make
everybody that much better. This
competition is a is a fantastic thing. I
don't see this as a negative at all.
&gt;&gt; I would and again the market is fairly
large. It's fairly large. Uh what's
going on? Is Tesla insurance still a
thing they're trying to do or what on
earth is going on?
&gt;&gt; From what I can tell, it doesn't seem to
be a priority.
&gt;&gt; No. And I suppose if you're making a
company, you know, an autonomous vehicle
company, an autonomous humanoid robot
company, selling insurance probably
isn't something you need to really focus
on.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um I think they've found that that
getting approvals in different markets
has been a challenge.
&gt;&gt; And so it's like, well, if we're going
to go all autonomous, then why bash our
heads against the wall trying to get
approval in all these different states?
And by the way, there's some insurance
providers out there that do a pretty
darn good job. And I think what Lemonade
has brought to the table has been a very
interesting option for for Tesla vehicle
owners if they can expand to different
states with that option. So yeah, I just
don't I just don't see it as a driver
for the company going forward.
&gt;&gt; I wished I wished it could have happened
sooner. I wished it would have been an
option years ago for Tesla vehicle
owners in all the states where people
want it. And unfortunately, it's just
taken longer to roll out. And I don't
think it's it's Tesla's fault for that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't know where to assign
blame. I know that the uh regulations
are state byst state. Every attorney
general has their own different rules
and it is very tightly regulated due to
a history of insurance companies being
pretty darn evil because you know why
would I pay out? That's where all my
profit is. So uh on Tesla insurance not
as concerned. mega packs, mega blocks,
battery energy storage solutions. We
know I don't see risks in that. Um
although I guess the new LG LFP
batteries could be a risk because
they're a new battery. I don't know how
well tested they are. That could be the
cause of an expensive recall down the
road. But I I'm not worried about that
terribly. My question is the
competition. There's a lot of
competition. Tesla mega packs dominate
in most western markets. In China,
they're barely in the top 10 because
there are so many choices and they are
so much cheaper and being domestic, they
don't have any kind of import duties
that would make them cost prohibitive.
What kind of competition and risks do
you see on the energy storage side?
Yeah, it's interesting because if you
think of the mega pack and these big
batteries as just big giant batteries,
then you can imagine it's just a race to
the bottom. Who can make them the
cheapest?
&gt;&gt; I don't believe that Tesla is playing
this game. And this is another aspect of
Tesla's AI aspirations that's not well
understood and for good reason because
the company doesn't talk about it a
whole lot. But sitting on top of these
mega packs is AI powered software like
like auto bidder that optimizes the
charge and discharge of the batteries.
It tries to look at weather patterns,
tries to look at demand patterns to try
to predict when the optimal time to
charge and discharge.
&gt;&gt; That's a value added software that I
think a lot of the lowest cost
competitors don't have. So Tesla doesn't
necessarily need to compete with them on
low cost because I think they're serving
a customer or clientele that values
other things besides just the low cost
of the battery. And so I think that
we're seeing great success in places
like Australia for example where that
combined approach the battery plus the
AI powered software is valued and
they're having a lot lot of success
there as well as in the US.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. That's that's a big enough market
for Tesla and I think it'll it'll grow
nicely over time. Let the Chinese fight
it out on the lowcost stuff. That's
fine. You don't have to go there. There
was a story I read the other day from a
uh publication, a a trade group that
just does battery energy storage
systems. And they said there was this
recent study that was done from a U
equipment testing company of a large
installation in the UK and they found it
was only capable of running up to 75%
capacity because of cell imbalance. So
when it hit 75% which was 100 for some
cells that was the new ceiling causing
it to literally lose millions of
dollars. Now we're not going to tell you
the name of this one. It's like what? I
feel like that's that's malfeasants. You
should be telling you need to name and
shame if somebody's making a
multi-million dollar goof. And we know
it wasn't Tesla because they were LFP
cells and for mega packs sold in the UK
at the moment they're still using
lithium ion. So it def and if it was
Tesla they would it would have found its
way into the headline.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Just like the other day I saw a video of
the Hyundai Santa Fe's uh Santa Fe one
of the Hyundai's rear third row seat
folder will crush a case of water.
apparently a child has died because of
this feature.
&gt;&gt; And they said, "Yeah, and I had to
search to find out which car company it
was." You know, with Tesla, it would
have been the entire headline.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; It they probably wouldn't have even
written a story. Just put Tesla did it
and a video.
So, uh, Megapac, I would agree with you.
The software is better. That's why when
Australian power providers continue to
expand, they keep sticking with the
tried andrue leader, the winner on that.
And it is so far working out well for
them as at least that's what it seems
like.
&gt;&gt; And it's not as though Brian that that
Tesla is not lowering the cost of mega
pack. They are doing that too. I'm not
suggesting that they're just saying oh
you know you're going to pay this high
price and here's why. they are actively
reducing the cost of Megaac making it
easier to install all those things that
are headaches for these companies to and
deploying these systems
&gt;&gt; and that's the beauty is even with a
back order book uh that's years long
they're still lowering the price they
could just fill all those orders at you
know 2 $3 million but no the price has
gone down because as much as we want to
make a whole bunch of money off you
today we'd also like to make money off
you tomorrow and rip ripping you off is
not a good way to do it. It's not like
their margins are lean. They're not.
They're over 20%. That is quite enough.
We're not uh we're here to continue
growing and this is I don't know. It's
beautiful. It's happening and it's real.
Any other risks and competition that we
should be aware of in terms of any of
Tesla's products?
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean the biggest risk I think is
is is the keyman risk. Um, I do think
that that Tesla with the current lineup
of robo taxi, cyber cab, semi, optimist
to a large degree, uh, much like if we
lost, you know, Elon, like like Steve
Jobs for Apple, I think things would
continue and those products would be
amazingly successful.
&gt;&gt; But would some of the newer stuff be as
successful without Elon?
I don't think so. I think Terap, for
example, might really struggle without
Elon. And I would expect the company
probably to scrap those plans. They
would probably have to scale down their
aspirations
&gt;&gt; without Elon.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Unless again somebody is able to step up
to the plate and do what he does.
&gt;&gt; Um
support that person. We don't know.
&gt;&gt; We don't know. And Steve Jobs was a
visionary. Tim uh Tim Apple is a uh
executive, a very good executive, but he
is not a visionary. Uh he's done some
great work completing the road map that
was already laid out. Not flawless. The
car didn't work out, but uh some of the
other things uh you know, the goggles
are not going great, I'll tell you that.
Um really cool product.
&gt;&gt; There's some missteps in there in my
opinion, but hey man, I'm not the target
market. I'm never buying something that
expensive for a toy. And it's not
changing my life in any way that makes
me anything other than perhaps nauseous
a little bit,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Uh from the use of it.
&gt;&gt; So uh CERN, I want to thank you for
coming out and hanging out. Thanks,
Brian.