Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla Stock Is Ready To Make a BIG MOVE
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4K96jxV5YoA
Published:   2026-04-28 19:20 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-28 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It is time for another update on the
Pioneer Reserve and Pioneer Alpha. We
see that Tesla went through a little bit
of a term oil week last week and also
this week has struggle keeping up. We
have a lot of news on Tesla that we
covered over the last few days from
Optimus announcement in 90 days, my last
video and Roboaxi. Of course, the big
big debate is Roboaxi real? Is it not
real? Is it delayed? Did Elon on the
earnings call say it's actually not
happening at the speed we want? But at
the same time, why do we see all these
cyber caps being churned out? Cars that
can can only drive effectively without a
driver. So, they're producing all these
self-driving cars, but they can't make
them drive themselves. Something is of
very interesting time. And in this time
where we as Tesla investors try to make
the best of it, we of course have to
look at Pioneer Alpha and how we are
doing. This is one of these videos where
we look at the Pioneer Reserve, our
Luxembourg vehicle, where we actually
trade what I'm talking about every week.
And here are the results. I'm very happy
about last week. We are only up 1.59%.
But of course, that's not bad for a
week. Uh that is as of yesterday,
Monday, April 27th
from April 20th. Why am I so proud of
what we did? It actually paid off that I
predicted accurately the earnings call.
Not completely accurately, but I was in
principle right. And when I'm right, we
can make money because we position
ourselves accurately. So what I said is
we already dropped too much. I said
these earnings won't have a lot of bad
surprises. the odds of the earnings
being good or beating are much higher
than the earnings being bad. And that is
why I position myself with out of the
money short puts. If that's too
technical for you, it basically means
I'm betting on Tesla being flat, being a
little bit up or if it's down, not being
down too much and I had a relatively
high certainty on that. So, we went in
and if I'm right, I can keep all my
premiums. That is why we actually made a
gain despite Tesla doing pretty badly in
this last week. Tesla is down 3.52%.
But we are up 1.59%. Why is this so
important? Because these weeks make a
big difference. We are we have an alpha
over Tesla in a single week of 5.11%.
So if you have a million bucks in Tesla,
50,000 added here in effectively free
Tesla shares. This all pays out and
that's a single week. So that means over
the year now we have an unbelievable 21%
alpha over Tesla. Our portfolio is up
5.23%. Not too great. Let's look at the
S&amp;P. Maybe S&amp;P beats us at this point.
No, we're still ahead of the S&amp;P with a
tiny little alpha this year of 43%. But
of course because we are so much into
these AI stocks that outperform the S&amp;P
dramatically in the long term. So far
this is not a look ahead announcement or
prediction. Of course we are dealing
with securities here and trading. So I'm
never saying what the future will bring.
I'm talking about the past. And if you
look for example 6 months we are ahead
of the S&amp;P 3.55% alpha. Not bad. And
when you look at since inception over
two years of course completely crushing
this thing with 54% alpha and Tesla year
to date as I said this is an excellent
number. I'm very proud of this number.
This is why we are putting so much work
in here and looking at robo taxi looking
at of course Optimus and all the little
details that matter with the stock and
tracking the tactical movements of the
stock. So, where do I think we go from
here? I said it multiple times now. I
think Tesla is stronger than it has been
in a very long time since all-time highs
in December. We are looking at a company
that is fundamentally now proven to be
much stronger than it was in December.
And in December, we had all-time highs.
We had 490. That was the all-time high
for Tesla December 16th, 2025. Now, we
are 4 months in to the new year, and we
are vastly below that. We are 120
points, 115 points below all-time highs.
While the reference indices like the
NASDAQ and the S&amp;P are at all-time
highs, why the company is much stronger.
Whatever we were as Tesla in 20 in in
December, all-time highs, we are much
better off now. And so, we have a
massive discount on the company right
now. That is how I see it. So,
notwithstanding any bad market moves
that could drag this whole thing of
course down. Look at this. This is
pretty bad action today, but I am very
bullish if the markets hold up, if the
markets don't crash in any way. So,
NASDAQ today a little weak. We had some
openi news that are dragging down Nvidia
and the semiconductors. Nvidia was very
good to Pioneer Alpha. This is our
second largest position and we gained a
lot of alpha yesterday with Nvidia. I
think today it is a bloodbath. Where are
we at with Nvidia? Yes, down 3.7% on
some fake news on OpenAI. OpenAI, of
course, as always, not having enough
money, saying they can't buy enough
chips, whatever, and the market taking
down Nvidia for it. Even though we know
Nvidia is sold out until the end of
time, as it looks like, because there is
an infinite demand for new compute. And
when I say infinite, as an economist, I
mean infinite. Every piece of compute
generates multiples of what it costs in
economic value. And there is no cap.
That will go on forever because it's the
nature of intelligence. Taking Nvidia
down. Very stupid, but good for us. We
can just double down on that stuff. A
little bit hedging. The Tesla situation.
Tesla in this situation actually looking
pretty strong. You have to always see it
in context. The NASDAQ's down 1.37% and
Tesla is only down 1.14%.
That is pretty bullish because normally
Tesla has a beta of two. So it should be
down twice as much as NASDAQ, but is
only less down compared to NASDAQ and
was even green today. So this is a valid
data for my thesis in my opinion that we
will go back to 400 in a very short
period of time. That's how I'm
positioned right now. If we don't go up,
it's not going to be great for me. But I
have a break even point for end of the
week at 372 roughly. If you end up above
372, I remain I'm staying in short puts
a lot, high exposure short puts. 372 is
my break even point. Above it, I make
money. Above 385, I will make a lot of
money. That is how I'm positioned
because I believe 400 is in the cards.
If we don't see any bad things happen to
the market, so whatever I'm saying here,
it's all probabilistic. You have to
always be cautious. You have to watch
out for Iran, for macro, for weird
things, clouds brewing in the market
sky. You have to be cautious. But
generally, I think Tesla will go back to
400 very soon. Now, from there, we have
to reassess once we get there what's
happening next. In principle, all-time
highs for Tesla do not require anything
specific. It does not require robo taxi
to scale to tremendous heights. It does
not mean we need to get to that
inflection point and forcing function of
1,800 unsupervised robo taxis. You know
my whole thesis on that. If we get
there, if we get to true scaling into
the thousands or tens of thousands of
robo taxis, we are dealing with
something very different. A repricing of
the stock that can take us to a thousand
in my opinion.
But as long as it's not happening, I
think the path to all-time highs is a
very quick and short path. That's what
we should be preparing for. So today we
clearly have a bad market day because of
the semiconductor panic. Uh that is
fine. Should be a little hiccup in my
opinion. A little breather after all
these rallies upwards. Now quick
announcement. I already told the live
crowd on Pioneer
Academy in Pioneer.org
about it. They always hear it first. You
always invited to go to pioneerance.org
too. It is free. You can sign up, you
can ask your questions, but we are
actually launching a new bond. You know,
we are doing these bonds with our
Luxembourg securitization vehicle where
you can participate in Pioneer Alpha.
This new bond is pretty exciting. You
can go to pioneeralpha.org
linked in the description if you're
interested in more details. This is not
a solicitation for any kind of security
sales. It is just informational so you
understand what we are doing here. We
constructed a new vehicle that is in my
opinion very interesting for everyone
who wants to get Tesla exposure and has
upside with Tesla without a cap on the
upside. So this is a new bond we issuing
with Pioneer Reserve that is directly
linked to the Pioneer Alpha portfolio
that I am in charge of and that bond is
structured as follows. It's pretty
interesting. That bond basically pays
out the bond holders without any fees
other than operating expenses. Operating
expenses are 1.5% per year, 3year
maturity. Uh and gives the investors in
the bond all the upside of pioneer alpha
up to the Tesla performance in the same
period of time. So Tesla is a benchmark
and then on top of Tesla 50% of any
additional alpha the portfolio generated
above Tesla. So in short in 3 years
here's a scenario table. Tesla goes up
300%.
By 2029 it's probably going to go up
more in my opinion but who knows alpha
goes up 400%. So we have a little alpha
there. Bond payout is 350%. 300% plus
the differential. If we see something
terrible Tesla only goes up 20% in 3
years. Who knows? and Pine Alpha goes up
80%.
The investors will get 20%, plus the
difference which is 50%.
And if Tesla goes up 50% and Pine Alpha
goes only up 20%, so underperforming
Tesla, bond investors get a payout of
20%. And on the negative side, similar
things, they get half the loss above or
beyond the loss of Pine Alpha if Tesla
loses more money than Pine Alpha. So
capital at risk. This is basically
designed for anyone who likes Pioneer
Alpha who believes we can sustain that
advantage that we see here so far over
the last two years, two years since its
inception since January 1st, 2024 when
we actually started measuring and
systematically trading the whole thing.
AI portfolio focus on Tesla
opportunistically
getting also other stocks like Nvidia,
Micro Strategy, Robin Hood, a bunch of
tactical positions and having options
potential strategies in here. So, anyone
who likes that can
look at this. It's only for qualified
investors accredited in the United
States, qualified in Europe. If you
don't know what that means, you can look
it up.
It's basically just some guardrails from
the regulators on top of easy to read up
also on the website. And so that is the
new thing. You can go here see all the
difference uh the all the details here.
Uh view terms right we have the term
sheet and everything on here. So if you
like that you are more than welcome to
take a look here if you're a qualified
investor. That is my message for today.
Let's see what the week brings. We are
very excited about it. I think 400 is in
the cards sooner than later. Don't I
think it's always wrong to be scared
when everyone is scared. Look at the
facts. Look at the company. Look at
alltime highs. Look at market all-time
highs. Look at how Tesla's relative
relative way down compared to the
market. While it's a much stronger
company compared to December Tesla. And
so I do not believe I have to be scared
right here right now. So this was a
technical update. Lots of performance
data here and stock outlooks. We will
have much more technology news coming
very soon. And I hope you found that
interesting. So see you tomorrow.