Channel:     electrified
Title:       You Won't Believe What SpaceX (& Tesla) Just Did: A Generational Run Incoming ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqjy7Ft-nZQ
Published:   2026-10-07 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-10-07 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. Quick shout out to my
newest patron, James P. Thank you for
choosing to support the channel. I've
said before, SpaceX being public is
going to have similar problems that
Tesla had for a while. How do you value
this innovative company, especially when
it's really a company made up of 12 plus
different companies under one umbrella?
That challenge becomes even harder when
many of those sub companies are brand
new industries altogether with
technology we've never seen before.
where the timeline to successful
deployment and operation is a major
question mark. And as Sawyer just shared
from Adam Jonas, he was talking to his
clients and he asked the room who here
owns SpaceX. When Adam posed the
question to 40 clients, not a single
hand went up. Sometimes it's one or two
hands, but it's rarely more. And he
shared the same sentiment. It's just
people don't know how to value this, so
they choose to stay on the sidelines.
So, most people with a limited
understanding of SpaceX would argue that
it's expensive or overvalued right now.
But now we have Morgan Stanley calling
the stock cheap and getting cheaper. And
we're not getting into a valuation
debate today, but Adam Jonas shared this
fact. consensus models are using pricing
around $18 per watt, but as SpaceX has
literally told us for those listening,
they're pricing its watts around $30 to
$50 per watt and arguably even higher
than that. So, that's one simple
anecdote. We have experts already
severely undervaluing just one portion
of SpaceX's business. And as we've
covered briefly in the past, not all
watts are created equal. Terrestrially,
the new compute SpaceX is bringing
online is very close to, if not at the
frontier, and there's just not that much
coherent compute available, which is why
SpaceX can charge such high prices. And
then we get news like this that will go
largely overlooked this week. SpaceX
seeking approval for a Florida gas
pipeline to support Cape Canaveral
launches. This Coastal Connect Services,
a SpaceX subsidiary, has requested
approval for an over 32-mile 16in
natural gas transmission pipeline in
Brev County where Cape Canaveral is
located. This would supply natural gas
since SpaceX uses methane in liquid form
as propellant in its Starship rocket.
And the SpaceX subsidiary has proposed
to build and operate pipeline facilities
that would bring natural gas from the
existing Florida gas transmission
interstate pipeline directly to its
customers. And this is not new for
SpaceX. They're working on something
similar with an 8mile pipeline in Bokeh
Chica. And further SpaceX is now looking
to hire natural gas traders. This is
more of the same of what we've seen from
Tesla. Vertical integration that gives
Tesla more durable modes. And long-term,
not only do these moves unlock scale,
but they also help the companies to keep
more of that margin themselves. And as
we've covered adnauseium, it eliminates
a lot of supply chain risk. Gwyn
Shotwell has already said, SpaceX will
continue to look at more pipelines. It
will process its own propellant and
it'll also look into drilling. And
short-term, a big reason for this is
because every Starship launch requires
on the order of somewhere around 1,000
tons of propellant. So there's no way
that hundreds or thousands of Starship
flights every year can be supplied with
trucks as they do now. SpaceX staff in
Florida have already said they need
hundreds of these LNG truckloads for
every single launch today. And it's a
fact. No other launch company is
building these dedicated pipelines, nor
are they building these on-site
liquefaction plants. But why would they?
At this point, the competition is only
planning on a handful of launches every
year. They do not have the current plans
for launch cadence that SpaceX has. Now,
yes, short-term it's going to cost time
and money for SpaceX to vertically
integrate all of these different
processes, but if trucking the materials
required for the propellant is a
bottleneck for SpaceX today, then it
will eventually become a bottleneck for
the other companies, too. And again,
long-term, this should drive down
SpaceX's launch costs further. Having
this pipeline gas fed directly on site
to the liquefaction sites should
absolutely beat LNG delivered by the
truckload once they get the volume up
and further the NAT gas traders SpaceX
is looking to hire will ensure that the
material inside these pipelines is the
very best price they can get. Now yes
all of this still needs to be approved
and these liquefaction plants need to be
built. But as SpaceX opens up this new
frontier of space exploration and all of
these new subindustries begin to exist,
SpaceX is yet again building a serious
head start in all of these factors that
will be required for launching at scale.
After 3 years of local doctors having no
clue what was wrong with me, I finally
took matters into my own hands because I
realized no one will ever care more
about my health than me. So back then I
started doing a bunch of research which
led me to answers through a doctor that
I found online which is why I want to
encourage all of you to get set up with
Zach the sponsor of this video. Zachdoc
lets you search and compare local in-et
network doctors and they have more than
150,000 providers across 200 plus
specialties in all 50 states. And I so
wish I had recorded the dozens and
dozens of phone calls I had with local
doctor's offices back then.
Respectfully, it was just clueless
people giving me conflicting information
and then offering me an appointment 8
months into the future. But Zach
eliminates those problems. You can see
actual appointment openings and click to
instantly book a visit. And appointments
happen quickly, usually within 24 to 72
hours. And oftent times you can get
sameday appointments. ZDOC is free to
use and you don't have to play phone
tag. You can book directly online. I
really wish I knew about Zachdoc back
then because you can enter your
insurance and it will only show you
providers who take it. You can then
filter by specialty. You can read
reviews from real patients and of course
you can choose inperson or video visits.
So, please don't ever take your health
for granted and do not keep kicking the
can down the road because you would
rather just not know. Go get the testing
done. Get the data you need before it
might be too late. So, if that's you
putting something off, do not let it
drag on like I did. You can head to
zdoc.com/electrified
linked below so you can quickly and
easily check that appointment off your
list.
That means it's going to challenge us to
create to manufacture satellites at a
much higher rate, potentially thousands
of satellites per week. And it's going
to challenge some of our operational
principles. But we need to apply the
lessons we've learned on Starlink to
operate safely and scale this
constellation safely. So Starmind is
going to be a much larger constellation
than Starlink. And we've actually filed
for a constellation of up to 1 million
satellites. This is a depiction of what
this might look like. It's it's a very
notional concept and thus it's probably
wrong and will change a lot. Um these
these dots of course do not represent
the true size of a satellite. It's very
difficult to represent the true physical
size of things in space but it's good
for concept.
And these satellites show this uh
depiction shows the orbits of orbits of
this constellation which which is
comprised of low inclination orbits as
well as sun-synchronous orbits. And then
in addition, we believe that we need to
operate clusters of satellites in tight
formation to get enough coherent compute
together such that we can run these AI
models efficiently. Every one of these
satellites might be something like a 250
kilowatt satellite or roughly a rack of
compute in space. Something like a NVL72
if you're familiar with that. But the
cluster of satellites will be you know
10ish satellites that's interconnected
with 10 terabs or so of bandwidth
between them and then interconnected
into the broader constellation and into
starlink.
&gt;&gt; So that was Michael Nichols the
president of SpaceX AI explaining that
these Star Mind satellites will indeed
be flying in clusters of 10 if of course
they don't change that number. But we've
had questions about how these Star Mind
satellites will be able to communicate
with one another because terrestrially
we know all of these compute racks are
connected with cables. So the bandwidth
aka the ability to move that data back
and forth during training andor
inference is incredibly fast. And Star
Mind has to do something similar in
space. And these clusters of about 10
Star Mind satellites will communicate
with one another with about 10 terabs of
bandwidth capacity amongst them. And as
we know in orbit, the cables
terrestrially will be traded out for
lasers in space. And this largely
confirms what we've already known. But a
lot of this orbital compute is going to
be for inference, not necessarily
training these large models. So the way
this could work is a prompt would go up
through a Starlink terminal or a ground
gateway, and then Starlink's laser mesh
would route it to one of these Star Mind
clusters that already has a certain
model loaded. And from there that
cluster would run that model to get you
the answer. Now if that model were to
fit on one satellite only one satellite
would work. But if the model is bigger
then that 10 satellite link of star mind
sats would split the model across the
cluster. And that's part of why Gwyn
Shotwell has already said that orbit
will be especially useful for inference
because you just send a question up and
then you send the answer down and you
don't have to actually send the full
model itself. But again, it would be
Starlink carrying the request up from a
user terminal and it would send the
result back down. That's why it's
obviously important for Star Mind to
communicate quickly and well with
Starlink. And that's part of why I love
tracking the daily news because
sometimes you remember things like this.
Elon said earlier this year, 99% of
compute long-term will be for inference.
So, generally speaking, when we think of
Star Mind, we should think of inference.
And even earlier this year, Elon said,
"The future is overwhelmingly
inference." And the easiest way to think
about it is training these models is
like building the brain itself. And then
inference is when you actually use the
brain to get answers. And that's why I
keep saying Tesla ties into this picture
so much. Even if there is no merger with
SpaceX, when you think about robo taxis
and autonomy in Optimus, every single
decision the car makes, every single
decision an Optimus bot makes in real
time is inference. So that's why Elon
says when you have millions and millions
of both of these products all around the
world, well, you're going to need some
serious inference compute. But I think
it should be noted if 10 is the number
for these clusters of Star Mind
satellites, then that would be on the
order of coherence of roughly 700 plus
GPUs, which obviously is not a Colossus
type scale, but it is significant enough
to do some training of a certain size of
model. And yes, I have to mention
there's just an egregious number of
whatifs and things that SpaceX still has
to prove, namely optical bandwidth
between these Star Mine satellites in
the clusters. And it's just a fact that
no other company is going to have the
compounded learnings of manufacturing
yields from making hundreds and
thousands of these satellites a day.
There's no other operator that's going
to have that realworld data set. And of
course, that doesn't even touch on
Starship's ability to unlock the game
when it comes to payload to orbit. So
yeah, from my perspective, if you want
to talk about a durable moat, then
orbital compute for SpaceX is going to
be one. Now, yes, they have a lot to
prove, but I think their track record
should give us a lot of confidence. And
so as to not miss any of the small
details, Elon has said that they do plan
to make the change of the company name
to SpaceX SI. And for what it's worth,
Elon is indeed pushing for people to
start calling it SI. He said it's
better.
&gt;&gt; And then I I I just want to leave you
with uh some thought that our ambition
extends beyond Earth. Our goal again is
to is to extend consciousness beyond
this planet. And we want to go and
connect the moon and Mars. On Starlink,
we're we're creating the technologies to
connect the moon with uh very high
bandwidth connectivity systems, very
high bandwidth lasers.
And we will connect the moon with a
constellation. Then we'll connect Mars
and we'll form an interplanetary mesh of
connectivity that is fundamentally
driven by the same technologies we're
working on with Starlink.
In order to make this happen, we have to
continue improving space safety in LEO
and get that right to to keep space and
safe and secure for everyone who wants
to operate in it to allow us to scale
and meet these ambitions.
&gt;&gt; So just think about the scale that
SpaceX is talking about right now.
They're already beyond just connecting
all of Earth. They're now planning to
connect Mars and the moon. As Elon said
today, SpaceX will provide connectivity
throughout the solar system and beyond.
And I won't dive into this one for the
sake of time, but I do want to make the
point during Michael's talk today, he
did stress safety a lot. Starling said,
"Operating safely in space requires
knowing where satellites and objects are
and where they will be in the future.
This requires all operators sharing
their satellites ephemerous data along
with predicted trajectories and planned
maneuvers. And Starlink has this new
safety initiative now up live for other
operators to sign up. This space safety
platform will provide free ephemerous
sharing, instant conjunction screening
and prediction analysis for satellite
operators. And SpaceX doesn't have to do
this, just like they don't have to go
two orders of magnitude beyond the
industry standards for space safety,
which Michael also said in the talk,
they do. And to keep it simple, when you
hear the term ephemeris, just think
about a satellite's position and
velocity. So if all satellite operators
provide this information and share it
together, then that will avoid a lot of
space collisions. And there was also
reporting this week that TSMC might be
looking to get its hands in the Terraab
cookie jar. Before I share anything
here, important to point out Elon did
say it's just discussions, but something
may come of it. And we know earlier this
year, Intel announced they were joining
the Terraab project as a manufacturing
and a process partner. We covered how
Terrafab planned to use Intel's 14A
technology, which is roughly equivalent
to a 1.4 4 nanome process and Elon
thought that would be mature enough by
prime time aka when the terrafab is
ready for production. And we know the
research fab for the terapab is in
Austin but the full-blown terapab site
will be in Grimes County. But now there
are rumors that TSMC is looking to build
multiple fabs also in Texas. And now
speculatively these are being linked to
the terrafab. And this all plays in
together because Elon's early prediction
was that about 25% of output from the
terrafab would be for Optimus and 75% of
the output would be for orbital compute.
Elon also said that to reach this 1
terowatt of compute per year would cost
on the order of a trillion yes with a t
long-term. And yes, TSMC has already
committed over $260 billion to FABs in
Arizona, but is still in talks for more
in Texas. And again, this is
speculative, but the word is it might be
for up to six fabs in Texas with Dallas
as the most likely area. Unfortunately,
at this point, we don't have any idea
about the structure. Meaning, would TSMC
own these fabs and then Terapab would
just be the primary customer or would
Terraab actually own the building and
then TSMC would just run it with its
process manufacturing? But that's
undoubtedly what Elon is talking to TSMC
about figuring out all of the detail. So
again, rather than speculate, I'd rather
just wait to get more news on this to
see if it happens at all. But it seems
likely that something will come of it.
What I don't like is how little
information we're getting about this
project. I mean, guys, this is the
biggest capex expense in Tesla's
history, and it's not close. And believe
it or not, when all is said and done,
it'll be the biggest capex expense for
SpaceX as well. And obviously, I'm going
to give Elon and these companies grace
because I know they are busy working all
of this out behind the scenes as we
speak. But at some point, we deserve to
know something about who's spending
what, who's doing what, what role each
company has, where the chips will go
first and when, and the list goes on.
But tying this all together, Brett from
Mark said, "Not really sure that people
understand the revenue generation
potential of Starship in Starlink and
Star Mind. On our expectations, each
launch could drive 700 plus million
dollars in incremental annual revenue
and growing as SpaceX AI crosses into AI
software revenue monetization. And what
do you know? Replying to that, Elon
said, I agree. And notice how I didn't
say anything about direct to cell, about
point-to-point Earth transport, about
lunar landings, about a moon base, about
a lunar passenger service, about a Mars
crew and cargo operation. And that list
goes on and on. And sure, some of those
will take a decade plus to play out. But
don't forget, Elon's SpaceX compensation
is tied to a colony on Mars made up of
at least 1 million people. So, it's not
just a moonshot, pun intended. It's
literally written into the agreement.
So, how are you going to value a company
like this? How much of this future
revenue and profit do you want to pull
back to today's dollars? I don't know.
And I think anybody trying to argue that
they do is really just trying to sound
smart by using AI to build these models
and do their best. And that's fine. More
power to them. But I just want to be a
voice telling you that it's okay to just
expect a generational run without having
to pinpoint every single dollar amount
every year. Just zoom out and look what
the company is doing. Look at the
durable modes. Look at the technology
that SpaceX has and really ask yourself,
who else can compete with this? and then
oh yeah, bring Tesla into the equation.
So yeah, I'm not worried about
valuations because long-term it's all
going to work itself out. And tonight,
the Financial Times and numerous other
outlets are reporting SpaceX is now
looking to raise $40 billion to buy more
Nvidia chips. As I said, SpaceX closed
Q2 with over $und00 billion in cash.
Now, yes, their net cash position
considering debt is closer to about 60
billion. And this deal, if it's true,
would be about $10 billion in bank loans
and $30 billion in investment grade
debt. But I can't stress the point
enough. Elon and Tesla and SpaceX have
never spent at these levels. So, it
really is unprecedented and to me is
just a very clear signal that the path
is clear and it will take a few years to
play out. But as we've seen over the
past decade plus, Elon is arguably the
best capital allocator to ever do it.
So, in my eyes, this really only ends
one way. And for now, the only
information we have is the transaction
is expected to close in 2027. So, buckle
up and prepare for liftoff. And guys,
finally, we get some great news. Tesla
Energy said, "Powers Share Home backup
is now available for new Model 3 and
Model Y with the Power Wall 3. Extend
your home backup by over two days with
your vehicle." But not just your home.
Of course, you can also power your
devices or the grid. And with the Power
Wall 3, no power share gateway is
needed. And again, looking at the Power
Share specs with the Power Wall, max
continuous real power, 11.52 kW. And the
reason Tesla says about 2 days of backup
power is because if you assume the
average Tesla battery packs in the
neighborhood of 75 kwatt hours, they're
assuming average US home energy usage of
about 30 kwatt hours per day. And what
vehicles are eligible? All new Model 3
and Model Y's ordered in the US and
Puerto Rico after October 1st this year
are capable of power share. But Tesla
said some, but not all, Model 3 and
Model Y's produced before October 1st
this year are also capable of power
share. And remember, a Power Wall 3 is
only 13.5 kwatt hours. And just simple
math, a 75 kWh car battery divided by
13.5 would be about 5.5 times the
capacity of a Power Wall 3. And this has
been a long requested feature from Tesla
fans, I'm talking for years. And I do
happen to believe this type of feature
is something that could drive
incremental sales and cause a select
number of current Tesla owners to want
to upgrade. And for now, the reason
Tesla is requiring the Power Wall 3 is
because it has that gateway built in,
which is the tool that will actually
isolate your house from the grid in the
event of an outage, ensuring that your
home is not sending power back to the
grid when linemen or utility companies
are busy working on the grid. And it's
slick because in the event of an outage,
if and when your car battery runs low,
you could theoretically drive to a
supercharger if that's not down, charge
your car back up, and then get another
maybe 2 days of power backup from doing
so. And to see if your car is eligible,
just open the software tab, click on
additional vehicle information, and if
it is, you will see the power share
toggle switched on. and serendipitous
timing again after yesterday's video as
today we learned procedures are underway
at the European level for the approval
of Tesla's FSD and Germany's transport
minister is now advocating for its swift
approval but there were some concerns
about the FSD name so Tesla has offered
to rename the system Tesla assisted
driving and the German transport
minister said we quickly reached a
common understanding and a constructive
agreement based on this I will now
advocate for the systems timely approval
across Ross Europe. He said, "My goal is
for Tesla drivers to be able to benefit
from assisted driving throughout the EU
as quickly as possible." During talks,
Tesla agreed the driver assistance
system may slightly exceed the permitted
maximum speed by a maximum of 10%. And
Germany has signaled its willingness to
constructively support this approach
within the European process. And based
on these agreements, Germany supports a
timely continuation of the European
approval process. So, if the German
domino does fall before the TCMBB vote
later this year, I do think that would
be quite significant. And it sounds like
there's a chance that could happen. And
Tesla's Halloween mode is now rolling
out, which does actually look pretty
cool. And this in software 2026.38.3,
which also has the new emergency
driveaway feature at superchargers,
which yes, if you missed it, now lets
you shift into drive while still plugged
into a supercharger. Tesla stock closed
the day at $38068
up 0.51%
and SpaceX closed at $171.92
cents up49% all while the NDX was up48%.
Don't forget check out Zdoc linked below
for those interested even if you don't
have anything on your radar now. It's an
excellent tool to have set up for when
the time comes. Hope you all have a
wonderful day and a huge thank you to
all of my Patreon supporters.