Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Inside GM's Electric Motor Lab | How EV Motors Are Engineered
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGqxBAGqa6E
Published:   2026-07-16 14:06 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-16 15:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hi, welcome to Monroe Live. I'm Paul
Turnbull. We're here at the GM
Performance Racing Center and this is a
building and part of a complex for GM
Propulsion uh the GM Propulsion
headquarters. I used to work here and
develop electric motors uh before my
stint here at Monroe.
This is a kind of hallowed ground for GM
racing. There are not many places in the
world that have the kind of history in
internal combustion engines and vehicle
development, vehicle propulsion than
this spot right here. This this facility
in the 1920s was the Pontiac
headquarters. It was a part of a giant
plant facility that built um the
historic GM V8 engines. uh the small
black V8 engine, the large black V8
engine, the Corvette engines, all of
them were developed here and built in in
many cases built here in in the Pontiac
facility. And today we are going to have
a chance to look at the e- motor
facility where they're doing that same
development on the electric motors for
GM's products.
Heat.
Hi, welcome to Monroe Live. I'm Paul
Turbull. We're here uh with Ed Connor
and James in um the GM tech center where
we've shown a lot about what motors look
like and how they're um set up and
designed, but we haven't talked a little
bit very much about how they're made.
And so here we've got a prototype lab
that goes through a very good faximile
of the production process for making
electric motors that go into traction
traction vehicles. Um so Ed, could you
walk us through a little bit what you do
here?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so uh I'm a product engineer. I'm
a technical specialist for electric
motors at GM. And uh the laboratory
you're in right now is our uh motor
manufacturing validation center. And as
in the name implies, this is where we uh
can prototype our motors, which is what
we're going to show you today. But it
also is a place that we can uh develop
our processes. So the idea is product
engineering needs to have feedback for
how to design motors. So we need to be
able to actually build some motors and
and try different things and learn
stuff. So one goal of the lab is to
build advanced technology and to give us
the feedback about manufacturability u
for production um but also we're have
ongoing um production programs and in
the early stages we need hardware and we
need it quickly so that we can shorten
our time to market. So the lab also has
the ability to build our prototype
hardware for us. So those those are like
core things that we can do in the lab.
Um the third is we want to simulate the
production process wherever possible. So
uh a lot of the equipment that you're
going to see today and the tooling and
what's going to be described is how can
we have a flexible center that can make
various motors with different
technologies but can also make uh
pre-production prototype hardware. And
uh important is that the production
processes that we're going to use in the
lab um are tested here first. So then we
can actually have good success on the
production line in a high volume uh
environment. It's something that uh
Monroe Sandy Monroe emphasized and
that's been a part of the lean design
process is that the product design and
the production process that's used to
make it get developed at the same time
with each other in mind. So the design
lends itself to a good production
process. The production process lends
itself to the design and the two get
developed together and that's happening
here at GM with a a great design on the
a X76 motor.
&gt;&gt; Yep. X76 GM design motors. Um so GM
designs uh the electric machines
inhouse. Uh and then some we uh
manufacture inside General Motors. some
they are built to our our design, but
the X76 is a is a motor that you're
going to see uh today and see a lot of
the processes of.
&gt;&gt; So, what we have here is the stator and
we can see it has a whole bunch of wires
that get inserted into the stator and
the electrical connections.
So, what is the first step, Connor?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, um as you touched on the
wire, um first step is going to be
forming that. So, uh, we're getting it
in spools and we're forming it into a
straight length. So, we're work
hardening it, straightening it, um,
getting it into a blank or an eye pin as
we call it. Um, the next step is to
remove the enamel from the sections that
we're going to weld.
So, we have two methods that we use
here. Um, so this is a laser bladed
wire. Um, so we're just removing the
enamel with with a laser.
This is an example of a mechanically
stripped. So, we're using dyes to strip
away the enamel from the ends. Um, that
enamel is we count on the enamel for the
electrical insulation.
Uh, it's thin but incredibly tough uh
material engineered to survive at very
high temperature and all kinds of
vibration environment. that
unfortunately
makes it a nightmare to try to take off
cleanly in a stripping process.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. That's that's a great topic.
The um the wiring enamel itself has a
very hard life. Yes. It has to survive
at temperature, but we also need it to
be extremely thin because we want there
to be as much copper inside that stator
slot as we can get. But it is the
primary insulation of the whole motor.
So, uh if it fails, then you'd have a
short and it would propagate from there.
Um, a lot of people probably want to
know what enamel is or what the uh the
part that we're going to strip off
outside of the copper. So, that's the
enamel coating. That's the insulative
layer we have on the outside of the
wire. And there's many different types
of films that can be used and they all
have uh advantages for manufacturing and
um durability and temperature,
endurance, and cost. But essentially,
uh, most magnet wire that's used out
there is, uh, it's kind of like if you
were to cut it and look at it like
cutting down a tree, you would see rings
on the tree. So, you'd see individual
layers of the material. And sometimes
multiple different materials are used,
but they coat it in sequential layers to
keep the copper wire centered inside the
overall finished um, wire. Uh there's
also other technologies out there where
uh an insulated film will be like
extruded over the outside more like a
wire you use in your house. Um but
traditionally that enamel um is great
except for where we have to weld it,
make a connection and that was the
process that Connor was just talking
about where we have a mechanical or a
laser process to strip that away. We
have a uh spool of wire
that we load into the what we call the
payoff area for unspooling the wire. As
it unspools,
you notice the drive wheels over here
that are going to pull the wire through
back here. Going to back up a little bit
to our straightening area.
Goes through a series of rollers, both
horizontal and vertical, uh to
straighten the wire as well as work
harden it. As it goes through the
rollers,
that allow the work hardening allows the
uh when we bend the wire, it stays bent.
This machine has a capability to
mechanically strip the wire as well as
talked before about stripping the enamel
off the ends of the wire. In this case,
it would strip a small section um long
enough for the end of one wire and the
beginning of the other. And at the end
of the line where you see it'll cut the
wire and of course it would cut it in
that in that section between the
stripping.
This machine also has a capability, it's
a a little bit limited capability of of
bending, but um we can bend simple
geometries such as the phase leads which
you're looking at now. They're a single
leg uh wire used in our stator designs.
We'll see later the more complex
geometries of the hair pins are done in
a different process.
So as you see the J pins coming off the
end but we can also produce just a
straight wire here for uh u producing
what we call the Ipin blanks for forming
the more complex geometries.
Um, this is our uh manual dyes.
As I explained before, the more complex
geometries
uh that we can't do on the CNC, we do on
the dyes. This is where we form our hair
pins. We call them XYZ dyes. He first
does the Z strike down. Forms the uh
radius of the apex. the second step
where he's pulling, it's then forming
the that radius into a V
&gt;&gt; and sweeping the legs.
&gt;&gt; This little uh dipsydoo going around
that
uh absolutely critical that every little
dimension in that is perfect.
And not just the dimensions of the this,
but the uh the orientation of the wire
can't twist as it goes around because
got to maintain clearance as this thing
gets nested into the
&gt;&gt; the rest of it.
&gt;&gt; Jeeoff, why don't you do a a a Zstrike
and then pull the wire out of there.
Yeah. So just the the each each bend is
done separately with two different
strokes in the same die.
That's cool.
So, we're able to with the dyes, we're
able to, you know, develop with product
uh the geometries and give feedback to
them when we see uh any problem areas.
Um, you talked about it before about the
different wire sizes. You're also
talking about the aspect ratio or uh the
width versus uh versus depth on the
wire. depending on how you bend it can
be very difficult uh to make a sharp
radius and so we work with product on
that and give them feedback on where
we're at.
&gt;&gt; Right? That enamel which we've talked
about being so critical, you know, the
top side gets bent has to stretch a
little bit and so if you have a really
uh like a ribbon type of wire, that
stretch can become
pretty large and
&gt;&gt; can really stress the enamel,
&gt;&gt; can thin it out. So, it's nice to have
this. This is relatively square wire,
but not not perfectly square because
it's got to be you got to orient it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. For the
to your point, we want the wire to have
a known direction. So, we don't want it
to be square or really close to square.
So, that's that aspect ratio you're
talking about. Um, we also um this may
be a a manual process for uh our
prototypes. Um but we also have the CNC
capability but they offer different
different ability and capability for uh
being close to production and even in
production uh we might use a CNC wire
forming machine to make something that
we don't need very many wires but we
also want maximum flexibility and
they're a little simpler but for the
high volume uh wires that we're going to
need the most of and for the best
forming precision we like to use the
dyes. Now we wouldn't do that in a
manual press operation in production. Um
but we would use similar almost very
very similar dyes uh but we would use
them in an automated uh pressing cell
that would basically make you know
hundreds and hundreds of wires very
quickly.
So we discussed a little bit of the
enamel being the first line of defense
as far as insulation goes. Um our slot
liners provide the second line of
defense. So, prior to assembling the
wire basket, uh these slot liners will
be formed and inserted into our cores.
We have one in process here.
As you can see, the slot liners are
already in there. Um, and most of the
wire is already assembled.
This is our build ring um that we use.
As James mentioned, there's roughly a
dozen or so, depending on the model, of
unique wire forms per motor. Um, so this
this build ring tells us which wire
forms go in which position.
We have a V- notch feature on this core
uh that provides some error proofing,
some poke yoke for this build ring and
for all of our fixtures throughout
production. Here it's done manually. Um,
you know, we determine the best sequence
for assembly and then we go ahead and
automate that uh for production. Um,
it's usually a pretty involved process
to be fully automated. Um, so I'll have
Jeff uh show you a little bit of our our
manual assembly here. So, we've got some
wires kitted up, ready for the build.
So once he's done assembling the full
wire weave, um we'll press the wires
down to their final position in the
core.
Once they're through, uh as you can
tell, the wires will all be straight. If
you've seen a stator, you know they
don't end up straight. Um, so the next
step in our process is to twist and
spread the wires uh to prepare them for
welds that we can weld it together and
complete that circuit.
&gt;&gt; So you so the wires come straight out
and then you you bend this wire that way
and this wire that way. So alternating
layers are twisted in opposite
directions.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; And you have multiple layers. So the
twist machine is a a pretty complicated
machine. Has to come in and grab each
wire individually.
Uh and then you had these concentric
rings where each one twists in the
opposite direction. In order to to do
that without scratching the wire, you
got to first fan it all out, right? So
they start out like that. They're right
next to each other. You got to fan them
out so that you can get in and grab each
wire individually and then twist them in
opposite directions.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And so to get a little more
into that, I'll hand you off to my
colleague Jesse.
&gt;&gt; So Jesse, uh the next step is to press
the wires down through into the stack.
&gt;&gt; Is that what this machine does?
&gt;&gt; So this does a press. Yes. And it will
also twist it at the same time. We call
it a press and a chase. So pretty much
what we do, we have one of these motions
going. So the ram at that end will press
the wires into the tooling and then the
tooling will rotate while we press it.
And you can see a example of a twisted
motor here, which is our uh Corvette
-ray motor or stator. So when that
happens, we twist clockwise,
counterclockwise, clockwise, and
counterclockwise again. And then when
those get welded, that will form the
electrical connection. So, the way I
like to think about this is kind of like
a Rubik's cube almost where you're
twisting and you're doing a lot of this
motion while you're also pressing it.
So, these motors were ran off of this
machine. Um, the machine that actually
has a part in it is uh this one. I
actually got it set up and ready for you
to go here.
So right here in this prototype area,
you've got machines that look like
they're production representative.
&gt;&gt; And particularly on the twist, that's
really helpful.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Because uh if you try to do a prototype
twist,
um you're going to end up with something
that's very different than what you'll
have in production
&gt;&gt; and then the test results won't be
valid.
&gt;&gt; Yep. So we we like this we like this
twister um just because well me
personally I like this twister because
uh we are able to get a more production
representative art out of this this
twister just due to you know best
practices and lessons learned over time.
&gt;&gt; You can see that the line they're the
wires are straight now and they drop
down into all those little slots.
And they grab every individual wire and
then they is it then these actuators are
are spreading them?
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yep. So it's actually grabbing two wires
at a time that will become uh you know
weld pairs later on. Um,
so it'll grab two layers at a time and
do an entire slot and then index the
next slot. And we can see the actual
actuations here um for which grippers
are grabbing the uh wires or the hairpin
pairs. So really what we're doing, we're
we're spreading them out and the machine
will handle the spreading with us too.
And um the way this machine is set up,
it grabs them and they're very finely
machined those grippers so we don't get
risk any enamel damage for uh when we're
spreading out our hair pins.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You can't see in the in there, but
they got six different things that are
spinning in opposite directions
&gt;&gt; uh to twist clockwise and then the next
layer counterclockwise. And
&gt;&gt; Yep. to uh get every wire in position
for the weld station.
&gt;&gt; Yes, sir. And it's over just like that.
&gt;&gt; The engineering of this is amazing cuz
you not only twist because you also have
to uh press it axially
everything precisely and you have to go
a little bit beyond and it because it
springs back. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Over twist and relax.
&gt;&gt; Overt twist and relax. So it ends up
aligned
&gt;&gt; so that the welder can find each wire.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; So once the weld side is spread and
twisted and ready for weld, um we bring
it down to weld. Uh in this lab we have
TIG welding capabilities as well as
laser welding. Um, I'm gonna hand you
off to our laser welding subject matter
expert, Adam, um, to show you some of
our laser welding.
&gt;&gt; Hi, I'm Adam. This is our laser welder.
So, what I'm going to show you today is,
uh, the actual stator getting welded in
full auto. Here's a a finished part
right here.
So, if I can direct your attention up
here. So, I'll run it real quick for
you.
So those are the naked hair pins right
there.
So right now we're just joining the two
hair pins and we have a specific welding
pattern that we're firing the laser at
with a certain power and that's what's
joining the two hair pins together.
So we're manipulating the the laser to
to join them basically together. fuse
the materials.
All right, so once welding is complete,
uh we're going to move over to our
varnish and then epoxy processes. So we
talked about enamel as the first line of
defense, slot liners as the second line
of defense. So varnish uh is going to go
into the core slots around the slot
liners and wire to give an extra layer
of protection of uh insulation. So, I'll
hand it over to Yose um one of our
process engineers in the varnish and
epoxy area.
&gt;&gt; Yep. So, my name is Yoseth. I'm one of
the process engineers here supporting um
our coating processes. If you'll take a
step over here, um here we have an X77
production part in our varnish process
uh makes up of a preheat section
followed by of the trickling of the
varnish. So we count on the heat to make
the varnish uh thinner so that it will
penetrate up into the core.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. So um right now the
induction coil is heating up the stator.
Um once it comes up to temp the um coil
will retract and the robot will um glide
over the face of uh the paper of the
stator. Um and exactly as you said it
the the varnish sort of thins out which
allows a capillary action to uh weave
the varnish through the um cavities of
the the stator itself.
&gt;&gt; What was mentioned earlier um we need
the flexibility to be able to use
different varnish materials to develop.
So, we can't have a whole system filled.
You know, we still have our pumps and
our and we still have to put our
different materials in there to try it,
but it allows us to do it at a at a
smaller scale, but is equally capable as
a production equipment.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, and all of these things work
together. So, the whole insulating
system, if you choose to change uh a
wire enamel, then that might interact
with the the varnish a little
differently. And so you might have to go
to a different varnish with a different
wire enamel. Uh so all of these things
are working together as a team to uh
give you a machine that is as efficient
as possible but lasts the durability
uh for thousands of cycles.
And then sorry just to speak on the
final stage of what's happening here. Uh
the induction coil has came up once
again to the stator. It's heating up and
it's what we're calling gel curing the
varnish that's dispensed to a state
where it's solid enough to not run
through the stator um and where we can
process it to the final oven curing um
and the varnish just won't drip out. So
it's coming up to temp there again to
the gel cure state.
All right. So, the step after varnish is
we're going to epoxy coat the weld tips.
Um, so as you noticed coming out of
weld, there's a lot of exposed copper on
very close together on the weld side.
So, what this process does is provide uh
insulation to cap those copper tips. Um,
so I'm going to hand it off to Ron, our
subject matter expert for epoxy to walk
you through this process. Hi, my name's
Ron. Uh this is our powdered epoxy dip
cell. This will uh heat the part on an
induction coil on the weld ends and then
it's going to take it by robot and dip
it into a fluidized epoxy powder bed.
And that will then get heated to cure
the epoxy onto the end of the part. At
which point we'll have full insulation
on all of our welds.
So this is curing the epoxy. This is
putting into what we call a gel cure.
So the preheat gets it hot so that it
melts the epoxy and then this sets the
epoxy in place. After the epoxy coat
station, we come to our end of line
electrical test. Uh this station is will
test all of our electrical properties
prior to going into uh a test fixture or
perhaps even delivered to a customer for
uh you know a test vehicle. Three
connectors for our phases here. This is
a manual mode that we use in most of our
lab builds. It also has an automatic
mode where it will go in and connect to
the uh the connection points
automatically. Uh but we don't use that
too often. So, this part's hooked up
here. So, I'm going to slide it into the
machine here and run a cycle.
Yeah. So on the screen we'll see the
result, but uh it's just going to run
through the a series of electrical tests
to check the quality of the stator to
make sure that um we don't have any
shorts, no no open circuits, all the
welds are good. Uh and if has all the
right properties according to the print.
Um, and then
&gt;&gt; you don't have to actually hook it up to
a dyno and and produce torque at this
stage. Uh, if you get the electrical
properties right, you know, it'll make
torque when you put it in the machine.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. That's a I mean, that's a
philosoph philosophical like stance we
have in General Motors.
We push our requirements or
specifications and what's on our drawing
and the quality at the plant that's
making that part that comes into us. So,
if we've done our supplier quality side
well, um the parts that are going to
come into us, um are then going to get
built up. So, what you see at our level
is just like at a a supplier, we want to
do the electrical test to make sure
everything that you've seen so far um
today um is done correctly. So, we're
looking for damage to wire, we're
looking for bad welds, we're doing all
of that quality. Um and that doesn't
require us to operate the motor on a
dime like you were mentioning. um then
the part would be, you know, oily or it'
have more material handling damage,
possibly putting it into a test fixture
that could run with power uh when
there's really no need to. We we treat
the stator and the rotor separately and
we do all of the um uh tests that will
detect all the process failure modes
that we can induce during this part of
the process.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's exactly Sandy Monroe
and the Monroe process will tell you
you're never going to be able to test
your way to great quality. You know, if
you're if you're doing a a test at the
end, you discover that you've made a
mistake. The way to go is have the
improcess parts all under control. And
then when you get to the end, you test
that it meets the the specifications and
you're done.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, with electrical testing,
we've wrapped up the stator
manufacturing process. So, we're going
to move over to the other part of the
motor, the rotor. Um, so I'm going to
hand you over to Mitch Proc, our rotor
subject matter expert.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Mitch.
&gt;&gt; All right. Hi, everyone. So, this is
where we assemble the rotor. It all
happens here. This is our Promes press.
This is our lead technician, Colton. Um,
Colton's going to walk us through the
assembly process of the rotor. So, why
don't you uh begin by putting the
magnets in the into the core.
&gt;&gt; Now, uh hold on a sec. Uh handling
magnets can be dangerous if they're
magnetized,
&gt;&gt; correct? Uh
&gt;&gt; these are
&gt;&gt; uh then they're not magnetized. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yep. So, we have inert magnets. Uh we
can build with magnetized magnets here,
but it's easier to do it with uh inert
magnets, and that's what majority of the
builds in this lab are.
So, those uh this rotor inside the
magnet slot, there's like little uh
fingers that hold the magnets in place.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we have a we have magnet retention
tabs in our cores. Uh they help hold the
magnets in place during assembly.
&gt;&gt; That makes it real simple. You just pop
it in and it stays in place.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they they serve two functions for
us. One is they uh like was mentioned,
they they allow us to pick the core up,
handle it without the magnets falling
out, which allows some nice
manufacturing ability. Um so we don't
have to just build it all on top of each
other like a wedding cake. Um, but it
also pushes the magnet out towards the
outside because as you'll see later,
we're going to balance uh drill balance
before we magnetize and we don't want
all the chips or any debris and uh to be
in there at that point. So, this will
allow the magnets to be pushed kind of
in location outward so that they're not
loose in the slot because we we balance
the rotor to a very very uh low level of
imbalance. So I noticed that this is
just not the whole rotor assembly. It's
just the one segment.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So we uh have a partially built
rotor here. Uh it takes some time to
build uh from start to finish. So we
have one fully built uh section of our
core here. The other one uh it's right
here. And we're going to have Colton put
it on and uh simulate the assembly of
the rotor. So this is a two-piece core
design. Um we do have two-piece and one
piece core designs. The one we're
showing today is a two-piece core.
&gt;&gt; Um, I noticed that I mean some
manufacturers make smaller segments and
each segment will be offset a little bit
from the others to form a skew, but GM
the segments stack right on top of each
other. They're almost perfectly aligned.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think you're best to answer
that.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; Um, yeah. So that's referred to as like
skew where the rotors uh sections will
be advanced by a few degrees uh in some
different patterns. Um there's
advantages for smoothing out the torque
ripple when the machine's moving. So it
helps like the motor noise. Um but
there's also disadvantages with
everything every design choice, right?
Um so if we break up the core into
segments, we have to actually have
magnets that are going to be that length
um or some multiple of that, right? That
divides into there. So it means we have
to cut the magnets to fit the skew. The
more you have to cut magnets, the more
expensive they are. Um and then um we
also um we're we're able to optimize
that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Doesn't the skew also reduce the
max torque?
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah. Yeah, that was the second
thing. Um so this allows us to to divide
the magnets in the most optimal number
to keep insertion cost and manufacturing
cost low uh and deliver performance
because we don't have to have all the
the gaps in between the magnets. Uh the
other reason though is uh
performance-wise. When we do the skew in
there um you can't get around this. It's
going to have less torque um and that
hurts the performance and you also hurts
your uh your uh your torque density of
your machine for instance. um but you're
going to pay a price and its efficiency
by doing the skew as well. So we try to
do it with optimization of the motor
design um and we have a lot of uh
computational ability to do that so that
we can do features and other things to
avoid doing the skew.
&gt;&gt; So okay back to this what's the next
process? We got the magnets in. I
&gt;&gt; I always call this kind of like
assembling the hamburger, right? you
know, you have your your bun. Then we're
putting basically the meat of the burger
together. So, what uh he's going to do
is he's going to put the the second core
on. You can do that now, Colton. Um and
we're just going to start assembling the
rotor.
So, we have some little build fixtures
that aid us in the assembly process
here. We're really manual here, right?
you know, we figure out how to do things
um with these little trinkets that we
have. So, he's going to press it down
with a very light force, probably around
3 kons, and and the uh the core is just
going to go basically to its home and
seat on top of the other core.
So, very little force. it it basically
just glides down the uh the rotor shaft.
So now like kind of that analogy
assembling the hamburger, we're going to
put the the top ending on which is like
the top bun and then we're going to put
the retainer on the part and that is the
toothpick that basically holds the
sandwich together. Um, so the retainer,
uh, if before you put that on, you'll
see that we have a groove in the shaft
here. We're going to crimp metal into
that groove to hold everything together
under force and retention.
Yeah, there's you've probably seen in
other motors, there's other ways to do
this.
&gt;&gt; There's uh, you know, threads on the
shaft and a large nut and then a lock
washer that goes on there. Um, but the
reality is we just need to hold the core
together and the end customer wants us
to do that in the uh most efficient,
lowest cost method. Um, and for us uh we
don't have to put threads on a shaft or
anything. We just press on the retainer
and
&gt;&gt; and you end up with a much more
repeatable
uh amount of pressure holding it
together. Because with this big giant
screw, if the threads bind a little bit,
then you get a different amount of clamp
load.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Plus, you have to machine the
threads and everything, and there's
really no need for it. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Piece cost. I I just wanted to add to
that. I've seen some of our competitors
motors where there's four bolts doing
what we're doing with crimping metal.
So, you're going to see an example of uh
um
try not to laugh, but you know, we're
going to uh we're basically going to
stake that uh with a hammer and a tool
because for our builds and what we're
doing, that's all we need. In
production, this would actually go into
a machine and there would be staking
tool that would uh come in at all point
locations and would and push that that
retaining ring material into that groove
that you saw earlier. But this is all we
need. This is all we need to do at this
stage for this build.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, there's a handful of processes
that at the prototype level, it's
necessarily different.
&gt;&gt; Don't need to make it over complicated.
Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Working with hand tools like this
just provides the ultimate level of
flexibility.
So, now we have a fully built rotor. Um,
I mean, the entire assembly process
happens right here with hand tools in
this Promise Press.
So, this is our balancer. Um, rotors get
balanced because we spin at extreme
speeds. Um, balance in a nutshell is uh
if you've ever put enclosed in your
washer and it starts making that thud
noise, it's because too much of your too
much weight is on one side of the the
washing machine. So for parts that spin
at these extreme speeds, we make sure
that they're perfectly balanced so they
can reach those speeds of like 15,000
2,000 or 20,000 RPM, etc. Um, so our
balancing machine is going to measure
the part. It's going to drill the part
and physically remove mass and then do
an audit measure to ensure that it is a
fully balanced part.
&gt;&gt; So it drills into the end rings.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Yeah. Here's a here's a an example
of a drilled part. So, we we have a
little space on our end rings that we
use to remove mass from.
Okay.
You want to load it?
So this this part is being measured
right now and the machine is saying that
it's going to do two holes on the left
plane and five holes on the right.
Now, it's going to audit its work and
ensure that it is a balanced part.
And here's what the final product looks
like.
So now we magnetize, right?
&gt;&gt; So now we go to magnetizing. Um
this is our part that we are going to
magnetize. Colton can help me out.
So we have uh some capabilities here in
the in the e- motor lab. Uh we have
magnetizing coils which will magnetize
full rotor assemblies. And we also have
this fixture one which uh with some 3D
printed technology that we have, we can
magnetize individual magnets. Um what
we're going to show today is we're going
to show magnetizing a full rotor
assembly. So um right now the uh this is
inert. You know, it's not magnetized at
all. We're going to uh put it in there
and uh it it will get magnetized. So you
can load it in there, Colton.
So to magnetize these, you've got a
array of electromagnets
down inside the fixture.
And the electromagnets,
you're going to put an enormous amount
of current into these electromagnets.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. and hit it with enough magnetic
field that it'll just force all of the
atoms in the electromagnets to align
with the field.
&gt;&gt; So, we have electromagnetic
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, we have electromagnetic coils um in
each fixture. Uh
there's a a little bit of a photo of an
example over there. So, they match our
rotor assembly design. uh we'll have a
coil at each pole in the core. So we'll
have a coil that's a south and north a
south of north. So um we use a feature
on the shaft
to align the part in the machine and
ensure that we uh we magnetize the north
side of the rotor as north and the south
side of the rotor as south.
So, we're engaging the pin with the
plate, and we have our uh
we have our red line lined up with
north. So, we know that this uh rotor
assembly is uh aligned correctly in the
machine. Charge.
Discharge.
So now, um, Colton, you can line up our
pole checker north with north, and
you'll see that, uh, north end of the
rotor is north, and it'll change from
south to north as you go around the OD
of the rotor.
Yep. So, that's some magnetic paper we
have. Um, it shows that the rotor is
magnetized and you can actually see the
magnets um through the core OD. Whereas,
if you put this on a part that's
unmagnetized, you won't be able to see
anything.
So, our last process is our end of line
test. Similar to stator uh we need to
ensure that uh a rotor is magnetized uh
properly and that's what we use this
machine for. So this machine works as a
reverse generator. The rotor will spin
in the stator and it'll actually create
a voltage in the stator and the machine
reads that and ensures that the rotor is
good or bad or not.
So the head is going to come down. It's
going to lift the rotor assembly into
the stator and it's going to spin the
rotor within the stator at a set speed
that we monitor during the test.
So, this is this is equivalent to the
stator electrical test, but it's being
done on the rotor.
So, it allows us to verify the rotor
assembly processes were done correctly.
in particular um the magnetization and
also to make sure that we put all the
magnets in.
We can to tell to some degree on the
balancer before we start the balance if
we're missing a magnet, but we have
greater ability here to ensure that we
have all magnets in there and we have a
good waveform.
We just got back from General Motors
touring the e- motor lab, seeing the
processes used to make the motor. We're
back here at Monroe with the Equinox
motor. And every time we do a product
tearown, we use the lean design process
to examine not just the product, but the
process used to make it. I just want to
really thank GM for letting us into that
e- motor lab and getting a chance to
show us around and show us each and
every one of the processes used to make
the motors to give us all insight on how
these things are done. And it's just a
great example of the kind of engineering
that we're trying to um be a proponent
for whenever we work with our clients to
uh improve their products and processes
together. So again, thanks for watching.
Appreciate the the listen and watch and
we'll see you next time on Monroe Live.