Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       LIVE: Iran Crisis Update, Tesla Stock Weekly And AGI Breaking News: Pioneer Academy #5
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hifc48T2630
Published:   2026-04-10 13:44 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-13 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And hello everyone. Welcome to the
Pioneer Academy session this week live
again like every Sunday. We have 36
people already live. I'm a little late.
Sorry about that.
I hope you guys can hear me. Here's a
sound check. Can you guys hear me?
Good sound. Excellent. Seven bear
buyer you was my favorite favorite
content creator around the investing
space. Thank you. I appreciate it. So
today we're going to start the session
with two topics before we go into the
questions. Like every week we are going
to go through the Pioneer Academy
questions. You can of course uh go there
and ask any question you want. If you're
a citizen of Pioneer Lands, you are
guaranteed to get your questions
answered. If you are just a visitor or
me member, uh you still can ask
questions
and
uh we will then
uh do this. Let me see
here. Present. Let's see what we have.
Do we have enough questions today?
We have two in the queue. and then we
can go through more.
Oh, these are difficult questions. But
let's go first through the news and
uh see what the world has in
stock for us. Uh we have to talk about
Iran. We have to talk about the new
blockade of the blockade. This is 10D
chess, right? Um and uh I hope we have
no problems in the chat when I talk
about politics. You know that we are
rational investors here. We have to
cover the news. We have to cover
whatever is happening in the world. And
everyone has their opinions especially
in the Middle East. Not everyone. Some
people are very rational. But the
loudest voices in the room are
unfortunately sometimes the most
deranged ones. So please control your
emotions. I am covering the news here
and of course you have probably heard it
today. Very important news. When I woke
up, I saw my Bitcoin getting trashed and
I was wondering what is happening and
the answer is
Trump is adding.
Uh here is the latest news and here is
what this is all about.
So there you have it. That is what Trump
wrote. The meeting went well. Most
points were agreed to, but the only
point that matters most. Nuclear was not
effective. Immediately, the United
States Navy, the finest in the world,
will begin the process of blockading
any and all ships trying to enter or
leave the straight of Hammoose. Okay.
Uh, I have also instructed our Navy to
seek and interite
every vessel in international waters
that has paid a toll to Iran. No one who
pays an illegal toll will have safe
passage on the high seas.
The block the blockade will begin
shortly. Before that, we saw that JD
Vance came back, did a press conference,
and told everyone that the negotiations
were promising, but then had to be
cancelled because Iran was not willing
to give in on certain key points. Seems
like giving up their nuclear materials.
[snorts]
Um,
so what does it all mean for us? Number
one, the reaction of the markets. We
don't know what oil is going to do. My
prediction would be that oil goes
through the roof because this is a total
hammer here. Uh because this is not just
the worst case. This is worse than the
worst case because now we have two
countries blocking oil in the straight
of Hammoose. Iran and the United States.
So both block the oil. That can't be
very good for oil prices.
Um so that's the situation.
And the question is what does it mean?
If oil doesn't shoot through the roof,
it means the oil markets think this is
fake news and that is exactly the
question we have to discuss now. Uh this
is the first big topic for today outside
the questions. The second big topic will
be Tesla by the way but that's a
separate topic. They're connected but
first we have to deal with macro.
And my take on this situation is the
following.
First of all,
first of all, I do think there is some
good news here hidden in this whole
thing. Okay.
Uh what is hidden in here is that we see
actually an improvement in the White
House and in their strategy and approach
towards Iran. And that improvement is
that it clearly seems that the military
option boots on the ground, the big trap
that everyone was talking about, is a
little bit off the table. So this is a
pivot towards something much less
dangerous for the United States, at
least militarily. I had my concerns. I
think any expert who had any clue that I
listened to, plus my own common sense,
plus everyone else's common sense, was
do not attack Iran with boots on the
ground. It's going to be a potential
strategic defeat of the United States.
And with that, the implosion of the
entire American Empire because the
deterrent would be gone if you get a
major defeat like that. Iran is just a
natural fortress. They have been
preparing for this. It's much worse than
Vietnam. What's being prepared there?
You can't enter with your boots on the
ground through the straight of moose
because, you know, that's why they had
to retreat with the uh aircraft carrier.
So, everyone is like, don't do it. It's
the dumbest idea ever. So, the good news
seems to be that that actually got
through to Trump. He also said in a
press conference, "Unfortunately, the
American people don't want this." So, he
clearly knows it would be political
suicide. That's all very good because
I'm a friend of the United States. I
don't want to see something terrible
like that. So that is good news that it
seems like okay we are now getting into
more civilized more reasonable territory
by saying okay let's blockade this whole
thing because that's not very dangerous
for the United States at least not
militarily
now my issue is I have two problems with
this or what means problems my my
prediction would be they are running
into two potential problems here the
first problem is and I didn't have much
time to think this through so here's
just my initial gut take on this.
Um,
my gut take is
that
with a situation now, we have a Mexican
standoff, an Iranian standoff. I don't
know. It's like they brought Mexico to
Iran. And that standoff is this blockade
is unexpected. It's an unexpected move
because it seemed to be in the interest
of the United States and Trump to not
crash the world economy and not crash
the American economy and not drive gas
prices through the roof in you know with
the midterm elections coming up because
the American people are not going to
like it and no one else is going to like
it and we are potentially heading into a
recession. That is why opening the trade
of formoose was so important.
Okay? Because the political price to pay
for a recession and an implosion of the
economy globally is just too high. Now
Trump
makes a pivot here.
Potential judo move and says, "Well, if
everyone thinks I am afraid of driving
the oil price through the roof, why
don't I just do it and see what
happens?" And the rationale behind it
is a reasonable theory. And the theory
is well you know Iran is heavily
dependent on these revenues obviously
it's basically the entire economy at
this point it's an enormous source of
income for Iran and so the theory goes
if we choke off their oil revenue by
introducing a total blockade
uh they probably run out of money and
that is the Mexican standoff
will this blockade and driving the oil
price through the roof
force the United States to cave first to
give in and say, "Okay, we're giving up.
We can't take it anymore." Or will it
force Iran to give up?
And I don't know the answer. And I'm
very sure no one knows the answer
because for that you would need to know
things that no one really knows.
Clearly, it will hit the Iranian economy
very badly that there's no doubt they
they will have no money. They will have
no income if that actually happens. But
how long can the United States keep this
up? Can the United States keep it up a
week, two weeks, four weeks?
That is the big question. And so that is
the situation we're heading in. It's
kind of a poker game. Who gives up
first? It's a typical Mexican standoff
or game of chicken.
There's an evil guy with a car who
threatens to kill you with a car.
you're Trump being threatened to be
killed. Trump gets into his car and say,
"Guess what? I'm just going to start
driving and kill you." And then Iran
says, "Well, I'm going to start driving
and kill you." And now we are boom, we
are on collision course, not militarily,
but economically. So that is the whole
situation here. You know, that is the
downside and the upside. The upside is
Iran at some point will just have no
money left and the economy is going to
implode. the downside for the United
States. Well, the economy there will
also implode and the global economy will
implode.
That is the that is the problem. And who
will blink first?
Who knows? That is a big question. And I
think it's a huge gamble here. It's
probably better than sending American
soldiers into their death. Definitely
better than that. But what is the
potential outcome if Trump has to cave
on this because it gets too bad? Who
knows? And it will be very interesting
to observe the oil price. What the oil
markets think. Do they think this is a
bluff or do they take it seriously? Of
course they have to take it seriously to
some extent. So we will see oil go up.
But will it go to 105 to 100 110 120
150? If they would take it totally
seriously it should go absolutely
through the roof now. [snorts]
Okay. And of course everyone knows it's
a negotiation tactic. Everyone knows
that Trump probably doesn't know exactly
what's going to happen. He's just going
to put it on and say, "Okay, guys, you
need to keep negotiating and give in at
some point because I'm just going to
kill us all."
The second problem, the second problem
here, when you read
this,
when you read, let me just make this
bigger. When you read this, there is a
second problem here. and I had a quick
short exchange on X with someone.
Trump says, "I have also instructed our
Navy to seek and inter interdict how do
we say every vessel in international
waters that has paid a toll to Iran. No
one who pays an illegal toll will have
safe passage on the high seas." So
that's another thing, an absolute taboo
breaking measure that is also an
enormous gamble.
Someone told me when I wrote on X, well
that's kind of something. I think
someone hasn't thought this through. I
think Trump has not thought this
through. And then someone said, why Joe,
you have no clue. uh we have an embargo
against Iran and it's totally normal
that you have sanctions against a
country and enforce these sanctions.
Yes, that is normal. Every country has
the right to put any sanctions on any
other country they don't like. But
sanctions are fundamentally different.
For example, let's say you have
sanctions on Iran and you say you cannot
give them something weapons, you cannot
buy their stuff. And then Putin says, I
don't care about your sanctions. you
know, I I put sanctions on you. I don't
care. I will give them all the weapons
and buy all their oil. He doesn't need
oil, but he buys the drones. I don't
care what you say. And if you have
sanctions on a country and Russia or
China says, "Whatever, dude. Do whatever
you want and keeps doing whatever you
don't want, no one cares, right? Because
it's sanctions. There are there are no
consequences on sanctions other than
more sanctions on you if you do it. But
if you are enemies or oppon you know on
the other side, no one cares. This here
is a little different. Okay, sanctions
are kind of optional, right? If you're a
country and you don't like US sanctions,
you just ignore them and then the US can
try to put sanctions on you, whatever.
Here we are saying no, we have navy
vessels
and even in international waters where
no one is allowed to attack anyone. By
the way, you're not allowed to do
anything. That is the consensus. Don't
do it.
Now Trump says, "I don't care if you are
any vessel. If you're an Indian vessel,
if you're a British vessel, if you're an
Australian vessel, if you're a France
vessel, if you are a Chinese vessel and
you paid this toll, of course, from a
Chinese perspective, these tolls, if
they pay them, they're not illegal.
Absolutely not illegal. They say, "Iran,
we are okay with Iran charging us these
tolls. Here's your $1 per barrel and
then the Chinese ship docks in Iran,
fills up the gas or whatever the oil and
then goes onto the high seas into
international waters and wants to go to
China. Now, what happens if the US Navy
says no, we are not allowing you to do
that. That is a clear total act of war
against China. It's an act of war
against international law uh against any
country.
And so what what what happens if the US
Navy says to a Chinese vessel, "Well,
you can't I don't know. Stop." And the
Chinese vessel say, "No, I don't stop.
Do whatever you want. I'm not going to
stop." Okay, what's the plan? Shoot it.
Obviously, that's the implied that's
implied here. But that just means
declaring war on all these countries,
right? On the rest of the world.
And so that is the problem here.
Now, if you're China, do you want to go?
Like what happens if you're China and
there's a US Navy vessel on the high
sea, not in US waters that says you
can't go here, you can't continue,
what is the Chinese vessel going to say?
Well, since it's a not a military
vessel, it's going to probably just give
in. But what's the Chinese government
going to do? Depending on their stance
on this whole thing, they could just
send their own navy. It's like, okay, if
you threaten our ships, then we send our
military ships to escort them. and then
we see what happens. And the US is
definitely going to lose that game if
all the other countries start doing
that.
So it's a huge gamble.
All it takes to totally dismantle this
is for the other countries to say, you
know what, we are sending our navy ships
now to escort our ships. Of course, it's
a huge a against the United States and
they're getting pissed and Trump would
threaten each country. But I mean if all
these countries ge up because here so
it's a huge gamble. It sounds a little
desperate to me because that can so
badly bad fire backfire if everyone just
says no screw you then there's nothing
they can do and they look very stupid.
Let's see what happens. So all of these
facts that I just outlined, these two
major problems point to the fact that
this is a negotiation tactic uh where no
one really expects including Trump that
this is actually going to happen or last
for more than a couple of days or maybe
a week because if it would stay like
that then there would be a major
problem.
So let's see. I like that it's more
sane. It's a little bit more responsible
than threatening to throw the poor
Marines into like some death trap. But
this is definitely not a good strategy
if it would actually need to be
implemented.
Why is this all important for us? We are
not doing political commentary here. We
are analyzing the situation to
understand the facts to understand what
happens to the markets very likely.
I have also posted today on X the
following. I said, "I've been tactically
wrong and strategically right on Iran."
Let me explain. I said, "From the onset
of this war, this is going to be taco.
This is going to be a oneweek operation
and then they will stop it."
Because in my mind, it was clear there
is no path here. There is just no path.
You know, it's a good nice try to kill
them all and then hope that it implodes.
I think there was a 10% chance for that.
Maybe it was worth taking that chance.
But turned out obviously that this
didn't work. But I was wrong on the
taco. Trump always chickens out is the
theory. He didn't. He continued and then
everyone was asking and wondering why
what's happening.
Turns out that something is wrong there.
And so I was a little bit concerned. Am
I wrong? What is wrong in my
calculation? My calculation is Trump is
not totally crazy. Normally he acts in
it in his own interest. This is clearly
a complete disaster if it escalates and
ends his career and his legacy and the
career of anyone in the GOP who is
involved and JD Vans. So what is
happening?
Is he just betting that randomly Iran
drops out?
And so I was tactically wrong because I
called the end too early. But I think I
was strategically right because I am
right. There is no path here. And I do
not agree with some commentators who say
it will just escalate. It's World War II
and Trump doesn't have it under control.
He's under Israeli control and they're
just going to escalate like crazy and
it's the biggest mistake and strategic
defeat of the United States. I don't
believe in that. I think they will just
not follow through with this whole
thing. This there will be an offramp
even if it's a forced offramp because
Trump is not the guy who will commit
political suicide.
So if I'm right about this, if we in the
end get a non-escalatory path, I would
call myself strategically right.
Tactically wrong. Tactically wrong
because I predicted it early. So let's
see what happens. Now I think this is an
indication that we are softening this
whole thing which is good. Uh my next
call would be this blockade is very
likely not going to work because if they
really follow through European Union,
India, China, they will just say no. And
if they all say no and gang up on the
United States, there's nothing the US
can do. They cannot shoot at these
ships.
So let's see what happens.
I think it's a threat to the Iranians. I
think if this blockade just starts and
goes on for a week, it will be very
painful for Iran, it seems very unlikely
to me that the regime in Iran will just
implode because they don't have they're
losing a few weeks of revenue because
they're pretty radical ideological
regimes where they're not going to give
up because of that in my opinion.
Let's see. Okay, what does it mean for
us from a trading and markets
perspective?
This can't be good for Monday. Uh
clearly it can't be good for the oil
price. Uh it will be very important to
see how high does oil go. That will tell
us what people believe the oil traders
if that's fake news and their price
drive it to 110 120 maybe or
you know if there's a full blockade it
will go through the roof. Let's see. And
then of course we have all these
different reactions.
Last point before we go to Tesla. Of
course, there's also this problem here
or the hope that Saudi Arabia and the
other GCC states, the other oil states
around the straight of Hammoose can
circumvent a blockade by using the Saudi
oil pipeline that is now in full
operation. I think 7 million barrels or
something a day. They send it to the
other side
uh to the Red Sea and then ship it from
there. The problem is Iran could shoot
at the pipeline even though that would
break breaking the ceasefire. So I'm not
sure that they're going to do it or the
hood the Houthies could blockade that
straight or whatever it's called. So
let's see if that happens. That would be
very bad for the oil price. So we are
getting into tricky territory.
But my strategic take here is it is
unlikely that this will just last. It is
more likely we will see another taco
situation or whatever you want to call
it, another pivot away. This is not a
sustainable strategy from a United
States perspective. I think military
options are more and more off the table
other than just bombing, but that
doesn't do anything. Uh so
it seems like an interesting move. I
don't know how powerful it is and I do
not believe this is sustained. Maybe I'm
too optimistic here, but I think two
takeaways.
Crazy escalation is not going to happen.
Like suicidal escalation, which is very
good. And this little pivot now into
blockading can't last forever or too
long.
I think we will see the conflict fizzle
out. That is my strategic call
where I differ from other smart analysts
who understand the whole setting right
there. Professor Pape I think or what's
his name? Pape is in the news a lot and
this the Chinese guy I forgot his name.
They are kind of smart but they're
making some calls I do not agree with.
Professor Mshimer
uh I don't know what his latest is on
this whole thing. I agree a little bit
more with him. He says this is a big
defeat for the United States. He's very
anti-US in a way. He says it's a big
defeat, but I think he says not that
it's just totally going to escalate. So
my call is yeah, it's going to be a
defeat of the US de facto. If they
offramp elegantly, they can sell it
maybe as a non-defeat.
Uh I do think the negotiations are
ongoing. Both sides are signaling, yeah,
yeah, we had a good time. We just, you
know, we hitting a little bump here. The
Iranians said, "We made progress and
these things never happened in the first
meeting." So they are kind of
constructive. JD vent sounded
constructive. This sounds constructive
also when you see it between the lines.
So let's see where it goes. I think this
will be probably put in place for a week
and then we go from there. I'm not too
nervous even though I don't like losing
a lot of money next week, which probably
is going to happen. But I don't think
this is too concerning when you take a
step back.
Okay,
that's it for
macro and Iran.
Now to our second topic. Oh, I want to
show you one last thing. I love it.
There are all these
donu
dons wisdoms. I love it.
Uh, break an enemy blockade by
blockading the blockade. Very smart. Uh,
of course, this is a little humorous.
So, let's take a look at Tesla. I'm
going to do a more dedicated video on
that.
What does it all mean for those of us
who are interested in Tesla and the
stock? So, we know that Tesla suffered a
lot from the whole Iran situation. Iran
happened here and since then it's a
slight down and of course Tesla did not
recover the way we wanted to see it when
the NASDAQ had this 3% or 2.5% whatever
it was big day up last week.
uh and the reason for that is that there
was I think some disappointment about
the 14.3 FSD release that people
expected more potentially and said well
we thought now Robboex is going to
launch and cyber cap's going to launch
and that doesn't seem to be the case and
then Elon also tweeted a little bit
about well version 15 will be much
better and it looked like goalpost
shifting and I think that contributed to
bad sentiment ment
for Tesla. You saw this went up like
crazy on this day and then actually
ended up I think down or slightly very
bad compared to the NASDAQ.
And then of course Friday afternoon we
saw this bump because of the news from
the Netherlands that FSD is now approved
finally in the first European country,
first EU country opening the door for
all of the EU which was very expected
but still good that it happened and gave
it a little bit of a bump. Now, I'm
preparing a video for you guys probably
tomorrow. I'm a little late this
weekend. Um, on my outlook for Tesla,
and my take is assuming the my macro and
Iran situation does not escalate again,
even though right now it looks like it,
but as I said just before, I don't think
this is too serious to be honest. Uh, it
will feel serious tomorrow and Tuesday,
but it's going to go away. I think Iran
is kind of done. I think the spell is a
little bit broken. I think the White
House knows, okay, there is no we have
to get out of here. This is deadly,
domestically deadly, politically a total
disaster. And uh they have to get off
and now they have a break and now they
have time to figure it out. I think a
real escalation is just incredibly
unlikely, even though you never know,
but unlikely. So if that is the case and
we look at Tesla and we look at the
market,
look at this. Then Tesla has actually
gone down a lot. Look at this. Like from
390
effectively all the way now down here.
Even though we saw massive progress,
we're constantly seeing FSD expanding,
cyber cap expanding and so on and so
forth.
So, I'm very inclined, not withstanding
any macro shock, if the macro shocks are
done,
I would call a bottom here. That's the
big news. I'm getting very confident
that Tesla will have a very hard time
dropping more
from here.
The sentiment is too bad. Everyone is
not happy with Tesla. Sentiment is too
bad to drop much more from here. That is
my take on the situation, which is a big
take because that means it's probably
time to absolutely double down, which is
exactly what I'm also doing.
Now, you have to be cautious with margin
risk and short puts and everything given
the Iran insanity and so we have to be a
little cautious, but that's my take.
Uh
my position Nvidia has also grown. I
think Nvidia is the safer bet. Safer
than Tesla, much safer than Tesla, but
not as much upside. Uh so
let's see, let's go through some
questions.
Uh we have a lot of regions against
again here. Uh we see what Tesla we uh
Texas we see Dallas. Very good.
Uh, thank you Joe. I put a lot of weight
in all of your input. Thank you,
Stephen. Always be cautious. Always use
your own brain. I'm just one voice in
the desert.
There's been no volume on this Tesla
drop capitulation. It's yet to come.
Uh, if Tesla and SpaceX merge, will this
suppress the Tesla share price? We have
a question later in the academy. Uh, so
I will discuss this there more. Elon
said it was the last piece of the
puzzle. I know, but Elon says a lot.
That's the problem.
Uh Tesla bottom and going up from here.
Yes, that's what I think. I I do think
the following. You guys have to just
recognize a very true wisdom about the
market. When sentiment is the worst,
when everyone gives up hope, it's just
always the same. You hit the bottom. Now
there's a saying you know uh whenever
it's the darkest or at the darkest
moment is the moment where just before
it turns pitch black. It's my despair
quote. So we have to be cautious. Um
uh but
that is the situation as I see it. So
you know it was a very painful slide
down but when you compare to last year
by the way we are actually not that bad.
Last year uh we saw this thing drop from
exactly the same point from 480 to 220.
Don't forget that last year same time we
were at 420 or 430 uh 220 or 230.
So it's like Bitcoin you know I'm I'm
watching Bitcoin Ethereum. I'm very
involved there too and uh everyone has
totally given up hope. I think this
thing also has botten right everyone is
so despared and when you look at the
comparison of Tesla to last year we're
doing much better we had 340 not at 220
and I think it's over. You also have to
consider with all these technical TA
analysis with the stock astrology as I
call it.
It's not that simple. You have to look
at the market. You have to look at
macro. You have to look at general
sentiment because Tesla is not going to
go into a tail spin right now without
the market going into a tail spin. If
the market is going up, Tesla is not
just going to drop for no reason. There
is there are also no downside catalysts
when you really think about it. Of
course, for us, we have these
expectations. I had the expectation, oh,
let's scale Cyber Cap. If scaling is
delayed, if cyber cyber capab is
scaling, by the way, you know, we see 30
to 60 cyber caps coming out of the
factory every single day. Joe Techmire,
the great Joe Techmire, the drone king,
he shows that on X all the time. Only
that we don't have unsupervised scaling.
But at what point would that become a
negative catalyst? It's not really a
negative catalyst. It's just not a
positive catalyst. So the stock will
maybe slowly deflate if it doesn't
happen. earnings call will be very
important. I don't know if they're going
to reveal anything. I think they will be
guarded again on the earnings call. They
will say, "Well, we making great
progress. We continuously expanding. We
are continuously making sure this is
safety first, blah, blah, blah." They're
not going to say on the earnings call,
oh, we can't scale.
And if they're going to get pressed on
unsupervised and roll out, they're just
going to say, "Well, we we
are continuously optimizing the system.
We have some unsupervised. They're doing
well and we will decide depending on the
performance to continuously grow that
with increasing scale. That's it. So it
will be vishi in my opinion.
So yeah, baby steps continue
[clears throat] and at some point there
are their toddler steps and then there
are like sixyear-old steps. So, we just
don't know the exact timeline.
[clears throat] It can happen any time
in my opinion.
Uh, I think it's going to take until
version 15. Everything sounds like it to
really get into scale. But again, I
don't want to bet on that and then it's
not version 15. Whatever. We just have
to dig in a little bit and
psychologically understand at the moment
where you start giving up hope, that's
always where this thing goes up. So, you
have to be cautious and rational.
Iran and the markets can remain
irrational longer than you can remain
solvent. Good point. Not just Iran.
There are more people involved here who
are rational. New spottings of cyber cap
in Kansas.
Really? Yeah. I remember someone said
Kansas.
I mean, it's just, you know, guys, you
have to think about it. Like, we sitting
here and we see this spreading all the
time. They're producing dozens and
dozens of these cyber caps that are
getting delivered to Kansas, to Chicago,
to Boston, to New York, tons of them
into, you know, Texas, tons of them to
Arizona, tons of them to California,
Florida. Like, I mean, something is
happening clearly.
I think, oh, Tesla Granny, that's a
great name. I think Elon is enjoying
working behind the scenes to surprise
the world. That's what I think, too. I
like when Elon is quiet. I like when
he's quiet and seems happy and really
focused.
M told us 12 months ago on Q2 earnings
that 2026 would require patience. He
even mentioned recession dependent and
spooky intimidated war. Well,
intimidated, not intimidated.
Yes, that is correct.
Okay, let's go to the question. Here's
the Pioneer Academy. You can go to
pioneerlands.com.
uh pioneerlands.org.
I can show you here. You go to
pioneerlands.org
and you see the beautiful academy. By
the way, I can tease you guys with
something amazing coming up. Dropneer.
The drought system. We are preparing an
agent system.
Full open claw superpower and claude for
you guys. For citizens, you will get
free credits. Even though I have to pay
for them, but it's fine. The citizens
will get some free credits. Everyone
else can just buy the credits. We're
just passing costs through, so you can
use the tokens. But these agents are
geniuses.
So, I'm not going to tell you more for
now, but you can play around. I don't
know if it's open yet. It opens this
week. We made it very easy. You just go
there, upload your files, and these are
very well-trained agents. That's our
that you know we we use them a lot and I
think they become very good these agents
if you want to get something finance
done accounting taxes
or creative videos whatever writing
total breakthrough in writing in my
opinion I hated AI writing and now we
trained these things to be really good
we have a great HR department here to
train them so this is happening but
anyway the academy is up here by default
and then you click on your topic IC and
you can just ask a question here and
then you post your question. If you're a
citizen, it comes automatically in my
queue. If you're not a citizen, it
depends how many uh how many likes you
get and then you're off to the races.
So, if you go here,
maybe start with this one.
Potential SpaceX and Tesla merger. Is it
really possible?
The Trump administration's
focus on national security, especially
regarding China, creates a high bar for
major mergers given Tesla's
international ties and the inherent
complexity of this
deal. I have doubts. Is the merger
actually feasible?
Uh well, I have commented on this
before. I think the odds of a merger I
share a similar perspective to Jamath
Pia.
I think the odds of a merger are roughly
99.9%.
You have to take a step back think about
the larger
happening right now in the world in
history. We get distracted by Iran, by
Trump, by all these things. These are
all trivial little side notes of
history. The really big news is we are
in the middle of the singularity.
I said it last year in January that the
singularity has started in earnest and I
predicted it's going to be more or less
over
whatever that means in 2027 and we are
right in the middle of it and people
really start to feel it with open claw
and the agent revolution
ASI or AGI
is here I tell you guys it's here I'm
using these things in our you know
drought near system
they're definitely smarter than the
median mid-le level expert human for
sure. There is no doubt about it. Vastly
uh faster and definitely as competent.
So we in the middle of this we will see
a vastly exponential explosion of AI as
we speak not in the future like now in
April in May and it will continue. Look
at anthropic. Suddenly they are more
valuable than open AI. Did you even
notice that last week they went from 8
billion to 30 billion ARR which is
insane in just a month because of the
agents all of Nvidia was being switched
now or not like a fourth of the entire
presentation of Nvidia is now about the
Nemo claw the agent system because this
drives you you um utilization through
the roof intelligence. This is all
happening and when you put together
these trajectories which we do here in
the Pioneer Academy, you see that
there's infinite compute demand.
Infinite. That's also the reason why
Nvidia suddenly is going up again so
strongly there. It's nearly at 190. I
said it. It's going to go to 190 in no
time. So
what does it mean? It creates the two
biggest bottlenecks ever in history in
the history of economics. The two
biggest bottlenecks energy and we not
talking about the straight of horus
we're talking about massive amounts of
energy like multiples of the entire
earth energy that is currently being
used will be needed now like now but
much more in 2027 and exponentially more
in 2028 and 29. There will be unlimited
demand for energy
and I mean backed by trillions and tens
of trillions of dollars. The second
bottleneck
chips inference chips
and who has it figured out? Of course,
SpaceX and Tesla Elon with a terra
people think whatever this will take
forever. It doesn't matter if it takes
forever. It is an important central plan
to get Starship
to orbit and reusable to lower the cost
to orbit below $200 per kilogram which
is the inflection point for space AI.
And the second thing is then you have
unlimited energy. You solve the energy
problem but then you need the chips.
All of this can only be managed when
this is one company.
Like Elon understands money is not the
problem. Ideas are not the problem. Even
intelligence is not the problem. Time is
the problem.
And two companies to manage them
separately is just not very effective.
They need to be merged. It's a high
priority at this point because now we
are entering a phase that no one even
understands
how crazy this is. Like I can't even
believe that we all live in throughout
these types. It's it's like the craziest
thing that ever happened. And we are
just at the very beginning of that total
inflection point. end of this year the
world will look very different and in
2028 it's going to be absolutely nuts
and Elon sees all these things now and
he knows I need to I need to speed this
whole thing up so I think the Tesla
SpaceX merger is absolutely priority for
Elon now when it comes to United States
and allowing that merger I think the
opposite is true I think under the Trump
administration America winning is number
one priority as SpaceX is probably the
most important company, not probably
it's like definitely the most important
company in the United States
from a national security perspective.
We have to understand the military
importance of SpaceX.
That thing singlehandedly secures
American
dominance militarily for the foreseeable
future because America can just
completely dominate space. And if you
dominate space, you just win. No one can
do anything.
So they will be absolutely supportive of
this thing. Of course there will be
national security you know things on
that that will be interesting. What if
other militaries want to use SpaceX
rockets? I don't know what happens.
uh and all of that will basically mean
that Tesla SpaceX merger and XAI merger
in there are very easy to argue towards
the government that this is actually
absolutely necessary to keep the United
States ahead. That is why I do not think
there's any problem. I think the
opposite is true
and the merger will be continue
continues to be one of our f key here.
Let's go to the or let's stay here and
read first some questions. Do we have
questions?
Uh Pod X Joe, if Tesla and SpaceX merge,
will this suppress the Tesla share price
or the next five years?
Um
I don't think so. I'm working very hard
setting up the Pioneer Academy. We have
our analysts coming in. I hope I can
tell you more over the next four weeks,
but we have some time. I mean, this is
not going to happen overnight.
My ambition is here to turn the Pioneer
Academy and Pioneer Lands into the
leading source of insight into the
quantitative future of SpaceX.
I don't think anything will take five
years from now on. I think SpaceX will
show significant boosts from their space
AI business within three years probably
by year three, by year four. And that
will be anticipated one year before. So
in two two to three years we will see
major major cash flow projections coming
in for SpaceX. In the meantime it can uh
clearly boost its revenue and margins
through Starink and that is totally on
the agenda Elon posted on you can expand
Starink like crazy. So it's not that
SpaceX is dead in the water now. It has
Starink. It will you know improve its
margin to in absolute terms massively
quickly. It will have the giant carrot
dangling there. I think the carrot of
space AI will come faster than people
think. So, it's not that SpaceX is dead
in the water. But compared to Tesla,
obviously, it's not as attractive from a
short and midterm cash flow perspective.
So, let's assume that merger happens
next year and Cyber Cap started scaling.
I think Cybercap and Optimus, especially
CyberCap can bridge this gap into the
SpaceX and Optimus revenue streams. I
think Optimus and and SpaceX will be
pretty much paralyzed.
Uh and so yeah, sure there's some
lifting to do for Tesla. It's all
depending on what the deal is, right? So
it's very hard to comment on these
things if you don't have any deal on the
table. Like is it a one-toone exchange?
Is it a market capbased exchange? Then
the question is what's the market cap?
If if SpaceX is above Tesla, if Tesla
stays at one trillion or something,
SpaceX turns into two trillion, that
would be weird. I think that's not a
good ratio for the merger. But if Cyber
Cap starts scaling and Tesla can very
quickly go to two to three trillion. So,
who knows? It depends. If we have the
merger mid of next year, everything
could look very differently.
Uh,
what else do we have here?
Kansas,
always darkest before the dawn. Yeah,
but there's this the I love this
website. You have to check it out.
despair.com.
They have all these motivational quotes,
but they are despair quotes. So, the
opposite of motivation and they have
this it's always darkest right before it
turns pitch black just to make you to
suck all the hope of out of the room.
Um, okay.
Yo,
the Germans are broke. That's very bad.
I know. Uh Tesla Granny, thanks you. I'm
a big fan of you. Thank you, Tesla
Granny. That sounds like competition for
Tesla Boomer mama.
Uh
ideas about anthropic mythos. Oo, this
is a long story. I will get back to this
in a in a minute.
Um,
let's first check where is stringy move
with Intel and Tesla. Yes, I had a good
video on that. People actually don't
talk about this too much.
I mean, you have to also look at Intel
stock that went up 30%
together with this whole Tesla news.
It's crazy.
Uh, Google owns 7% of SpaceX. Couldn't
Google make a play for Tesla? No. Google
is too small to make a like Elon has to
agree.
I'm not competition for Boomer mama just
have grandchildren. [laughter] Very good
Tesla Granny. Um okay let's talk about
uh
mythos
the big myth. Let's do a little
interjection with anthropic mythos.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean I just talked about
the singularity and how serious the
situation is. People do not understand.
I know it sounds stupid because all
these AI people on YouTube say, "Oh, you
don't understand. No one understands. No
one understand." But to some extent it's
true. Like most people don't have it
totally on the radar. We live like this
time is actually different.
And that's what no one gets because
everyone says it's always not different.
This time is different.
Intelligence is a very big deal. And now
we know the timeline. We know that as we
speak, we hit the inflection point. We
hit the hard takeoff.
We hit the hard takeoff. There are
things happening in OpenAI and anthropic
that are a little bit concerning in my
opinion. Maybe you have seen that
there's also uh Bessent Secretary
Bessant has now called to some form of
emergency meeting about mythos. So now
the government actually got the message.
This is crazy. It's going to be
dangerous. It's going to be crazy and
it's going to be now. So while we speak
for those of you who didn't follow that
anthropic mythos is the new coding model
that anthropic came out with and that
thing is actually so effective that they
decided not to launch it and instead
they have this glass what is it glass
something project
can you guys look it up tell me the
project glass
uh a special anthropic project
anthropic glass
glass mythos what is it
glass wing I don't know why glass wing
project glass wing instead of releasing
the model they have decided that they
need to give it to the 40 biggest
corporations in software to make sure
this actually is not getting out of hand
because this model is so super
intelligent we are not talking about
artificial general intelligence. We are
talking about artificial super
intelligence in coding. That is what
Mythos seems to be. And that thing is so
powerful that it can figure out any kind
of security problem with any software.
It can hack everything. And it already
found infinite numbers of loopholes in
the current security system on Earth for
all software. That is just one example
why it's dangerous. And that's why
Enthropic has now project glasswing with
these 40 corporations. They're the only
ones who get the model to actually check
their software including Microsoft,
Salesforce, like the big guys in the
banks
to make sure they can plug all the
holes, the cyber security holes before
that thing gets released into the wild.
But at the same time, OpenAI is
releasing theirs, which seems to be the
same level.
And this is all very uh concerning
because why is coding the number one
application? Because that is the path to
artificial super intelligence. Recursive
self-improvement. You use the AI number
one before anything else to improve
itself because that's the magic point
where it becomes super intelligent.
And so there's a bunch to say I should
actually have more videos on that. That
is a little concerning because you also
see now deepseek
I think DeepS for the first time has not
released DeepSseek 4 and it seems they
don't want to release it. They don't
want to make it open source anymore.
So you see all these companies now
holding back their models
because these are not normal products.
If you have a vastly superior
intelligence, you don't even want to
share it anymore with anyone. So we are
entering now that stage. You can imagine
what that means.
We have to understand like these agentic
super intelligences.
It's basically the equivalent of having
unlimited employees.
What if you had a billion specialists
working for you? Like a billion or two
billion specialists like actually
specialists.
You could gain tremendous amount of
power. You could just outperform anyone
in finance, in trading, in
manufacturing, in anything you want. And
of course, these companies are going to
see that and think, "Oh, why would we
even give it to anyone?"
These are all
very problematic
things. And because I'm using these
agents now in the drought near system
that is soon available to all of you
guys too on pioneer lands. Uh we also
have potentially some enterprise
people who want this because we have
pre-trained agents that actually work
out of the box much better than openclaw
for any kind of real job. Uh
you know I'm seeing that this is not
hype. I'm seeing that this is full on
true which is crazy.
So that is the situation and let's see
what happens. I'm just can just tell you
we are at a total inflection point.
That's also why in my opinion you're
seeing Elon not even commenting on
politics so much. I think we have this
escape velocity situation where Silicon
Valley and the tech leaders, the AI
leaders understand
this is our moment where we kind of
decouple from all that worldly stuff and
go into the ether and become super gods
which is concerning when you think about
it but also exciting. So we have to
watch this very closely.
Okay, let's go to the next question.
Creating alpha under current
circumstances.
That's our job with Pineer Alpha. Go to
pineeral alpha.org. By the way, there's
interesting things waiting.
We're making good progress, by the way,
with uh institutionalizing the Pioneer
Alpha strategy. I will give you an
update very soon once we have the whole
website fine-tuned. uh the Pioneer Bonds
and the Pioneer Alpha LLC product in the
US is launching to allow everyone who's
accredited or qualified to
uh actually invest with the Pioneer
Alpha strategy. That's going to be very
exciting.
Not a solicitation, by the way. This is
not an advertising for any kind of
product. I'm just telling you what the
pioneer reserve and we over here are
doing because it's important for pioneer
lands.
So the question by Casey is I currently
hold a significant position at Tesla
leaps expiring expiring in June. Oo
ooh June December 26 I'm in the process
of rolling the June calls but the
capital outlay is qu is quite high to
finances. I'm looking for a balanced
approach to income generation.
On one hand, I'm hesitant to sell
covered calls because I don't want to
cap my upside during a potential
breakout. On the other hand, I recognize
I'm leaving significant income on the
table by staying passive. For context, I
have also sold $220 strike margin
secured puts
for January 2028, which I worry about
more and more.
I wouldn't worry about them, but I would
worry about the June calls. Rather than
avoiding covered calls entirely, could
we identify specific strike price and
expiration dates that allow for alpha
generation without taking on significant
upside cap risk? I know there must be
quite a few of us pioneers who remain
long and bullish. Generating alpha would
certainly make the await waiting game
more productive.
Well, here's the point.
when it comes to pioneer alpha
strategies,
the way I trade and invest and use
options
is actually with directional conviction,
which is unusual. That's not what an
options trader does. That's why I'm not
an options trader. I am a
convictionbased investor who generates
additional alpha. What does it mean?
It means I'm not looking at premiums and
oh you know should I sell calls or sell
puts. I'm trying to predict the
direction of the stock and normally I'm
good at it. I'm mostly good at it like
at least on a quarterly level and
monthly level. Weekly it's a little
tricky and daily of course doesn't work.
So
weekly I'm not that bad. Bi-weekly I'm
pretty good. Monthly I'm already very
good and quarterly I'm very good. Annual
is like trivial of course. So
that means the first question I ask is
not how do I generate income with
options. The first question I ask is
what is my conviction? my directional
conviction now and as I outlined in the
second part of the beginning
my conviction is firming up more and
more to be we are bot bottoming out
notwithstanding macro shocks but also in
Iran I do not think this can escalate a
lot I know some people think I'm crazy
that I'm saying this it can escalate on
a daily level or something but it cannot
strategically it's very unlikely to
strategically escalate the Iran
situation because Trump is completely
trapped. He can't escalate without
committing complete suicide and too many
people would be dragged down in that
that are against that. Rubio, Vance,
they all don't want suicide. So that is
why the US effectively has to
engineer an offramp and we see the signs
in my opinion. That doesn't mean it's
not going to have hiccups. But on a
monthly level, this needs to deesc this
is very unlikely. This is very likely to
deescalate. If you combine that with
Tesla's price action here, Tesla has
gone down a lot. It has been a total
drag. It has been three months against
the underlying fundamental trends of FSD
continuously improving cyber cap now
actually starting to produce. And so the
combination I was probably not right
with my April May big inflection and
scaling point but I'm also not
completely wrong right and we need to be
rational. Was I right? Probably not. Was
I totally wrong? Also probably not
because we see cyber cap now coming out.
We see it scaling. Sure. Not
unsupervised
which means I was wrong on April very
likely. But what does that mean? If
Cyber Cap now actually scales in
production, goes everywhere but
supervised. Okay, I was half wrong. But
that means
at some point it has to scale and Tesla
is looking like they're just going for
it. And it's incredibly unlikely that
Tesla comes out in the earnings call and
says something definite about not
scaling. You can forget that. They're
not going to do that. They're going to
say, "Well, it's looking good. We're
making progress all the time. Tremendous
progress. tremendous progress on 14.3
but 15 will be even more amazing.
Someone will ask, but what does it mean?
When do you go fully unsupervised? And
then they will say, well, that's up to
the team. We have clear metrics. We are
very close. This is just a question of
time and continuous improvements.
We in the middle of making this all
happen. That's what they're going to
say. And this is going to be unclear.
So, you know, is dangling the carrot
while the market is bottoming out and
going up. Where are we going to go?
Of course, you can't like ever be sure.
Don't do crazy things here. Never go too
much into margin. All kinds of stuff.
But if I have the choice, I'm short
puts. I'm not short calls right now.
It was a winning strategy, be short
calls. And even in my own assessment in
December, I was very bearish. As you
guys know, tactically on Q1, I said all
the time, this is going to go down in
Q1. we're going to deflate slowly.
There's no catalyst. I don't see where
the stock is going until April. So now
we went through this pain and I'm
sticking to my whole thing. I think we
are botting out and now we are much more
likely to go up than down from here.
Which means tactical shortterm short
puts,
if I'm right, give you the best return.
shortterm, by the way, your long-term
long-term
270 short puts are like fine and this is
a whole complicated thing, but I like my
weeklies because they constantly give me
money. So, if you want income,
try to
make a prediction, a correct prediction,
and try to understand your confidence
level in that prediction about the
direction of the stock and then act
accordingly. If you think is it more
likely to slide down from here or go up,
that's the first important thing you
have to determine. And then you have to
determine what your conviction level is.
How sure are you. Are you 80% sure? 90%
sure, 70% sure, 55% sure. I would say
I'm like 70% sure it's going up from
here. And if that is true, your income
generating turn strategy for options is
short puts, not short calls.
Because if it starts, you know, slowly
going up, you have the same pain in
reverse. If you go short calls, you
constantly are, you know, barely making
money or losing money.
So, it's all about that. It's about the
directional call.
Have you tried getting a job? That's
such a bad idea. Jobs are not income
generating anymore.
Uh, I want to see positive internal FSD
adoption data. 90% of people keep it.
Yes. I think I don't know the latest. I
think we are now at like double digits
like 18% or something.
Five unsupervised robo taxi seen
yesterday.
Really? Focus on nature. Focus on nature
and cyber caps. Really? Can you can you
send a link? That would be interesting
to see.
Oh, Robo Tracker
is Digital Optimus Tesla or SpaceX. Uh,
Digital Optimus is SpaceX. That was XAI
doing that. Let's see the robo taxi
tracker. Let's go there for a second and
check it out.
Oh, we in for an hour already when we're
doing a little longer today.
We had a lot of important topics.
The
robot taxi tracker
[snorts]
unsupervised 10. That is not a big
change.
Growth is a little decelerating here,
but yeah, I don't see anything too
dramatic. 10 is always around 10. The
unsupervised
Uh,
robo taxi tracker is getting slow.
We have cyber cap. Oops.
These are just all the cyber caps.
Yeah, who knows? But this is not the
most reliable thing.
Excruciating slow. Yes.
Will SpaceX trigger a sell off in Tesla
and make a good investment opportunity
for buying Tesla in June?
[snorts] Who knows? Uh
I told everyone that I'm not a fan. I'm
an enormous fan of SpaceX. I'm not a fan
of the SpaceX IPO price. So, I am not
gonna buy this thing. It's like this is
just too expensive compared to Tesla. I
think it's overpriced. Uh and I think
it's going to I mean it's not
overpriced. It's going to definitely be
much higher than the IPO price in a few
years. But the odds that you will get
SpaceX shares cheaper than at IPO is
just nearly 100% in my opinion. So why
buy it at IPO?
Will it be better for Tesla to merge
with SpaceX when Tesla has completed it
next rerating?
I mean,
that depends when that next rerating is,
but in theory, of course. Of course, you
want a higher Tesla price as a Tesla
shareholder.
Um,
what's your take on the recent approval
in the Netherlands? I think it is
expected.
It's important and it's on time. I think
it will trigger more approvals in the EU
and it's just part of the course. I
think it's important but expected.
Exactly. Exactly. Tesla granny. So if
you're a coldblooded
alpha optimizer
as I am, I'm not going to buy SpaceX.
I'm going to buy definitely at some
point, but I'm definitely not going to
sell Tesla to buy this. I think the
reverse is the much better strategy. I
mean Tesla could definitely drop. There
is no doubt. I don't think it's going to
drop at the IPO. I think it's going to
be a drag into the IPO because people
will liquidate Tesla before to some
extent. I don't know how relevant this
will be. Uh I don't think it's going to
be a crazy thing.
That is the situation.
Okay, let's do a final check on
Iran. If anything new happened in the
meantime, Iran,
you never know in this world. Uh,
also probably before the market opens,
I'm sure Trump wants to do something to
not have it crash too much.
Uh,
interesting. By the way, we also see
that the Taiwanese opposition leader, I
think, is going to China or went to
China, had a very good visit. So,
there's something going on here because
China, of course, wants Taiwan and of
course, they don't want any military
action. Ideally, they get Taiwan for
free kind of. I don't have too many
opinions on this. Uh, but it's for sure
that China wants that
uh US consumer sentiment, by the way.
Uh, US consumer sentiment hits record
low, right? Also, what I said, the
economy is going to get weaker for most
people. Consumer sentiment will go down,
spending will go down. Uh, inflation, we
have to see how this all works out. I am
more bearish. I I think inflation will
be under much more pressure to the
downside than people think because the
entire economy or the consumer demand in
the economy at least on a numbers of
consumers on the median consumer is
going to take a major hit. People are
completely going into the crazy AGI
singularity with totally blindfolded
blind eyes.
We will go into a crazy period this year
that is actually hard to predict. I'm
incredibly bullish on Tesla, on Nvidia,
on Micron, on AMD, Intel, like all these
on the entire semiconductor crowd, the
entire AGI crowd, OpenAI, even though
everyone hates them. And anthropic, of
course, insanely bullish, Amazon,
because they're involved. I mean,
there's just no stopping these people.
and SpaceX after its IPO drop, I will be
incredibly bullish. But the rest of the
economy, we have to be cautious. There
will be enormous disruption. The whole
unemployment debate. Obviously, everyone
will lose their job. And obviously, that
will happen in the next 12 months. It's
like unbelievable to me that people are
gaslighting themselves and are so much
on it. From David Sachs to Mark and
Dreon, of course, they have vested
interest for gaslighting everyone. But
it's crazy. This is just going to be
crazy. And then everyone is unemployed
except for the people who have, you
know, who who are being pioneers or
entrepreneurs.
Uh, and a lot of people will make a lot
of money with stocks. So they don't care
if they're unemployed.
But even more people, many more people
will not make money with stocks. And
that is going to be a giant problem.
We have to figure out what happens.
I also think the economy will decouple
from consumers more and more as it
already does. The economy is more and
more just dependent on B2B transactions
and on the rich people with rich I mean
the top 20% top 10% that take over more
and more of the economy over 50% of
consumer spending is now the 10% the top
10% or something which means
the fact that more and more millions and
tens of millions of people will be in
terrible shape will not even impact the
economy. So this is a whole new world
but there are problems on the horizon of
enormous proportions.
which doesn't mean a stock market crash.
So all of that is happening
and we need to be prepared for that.
Don't we already have like one quarter%
of it anyway? What do you mean IMAX
of what? And what what price would you
look to get into Tesla 2028 leaps?
Well, I'm still determining my exact
strategy now. How I double down. I'm
mostly going in with short puts at the
money.
Uh two pounds.
What entry price for Tesla 2028?
Leaps.
Well, it depart entry price in Tesla. So
when it comes to leaps
again what we have to ask ourselves
is very simple
not simple but ask ourselves when it
comes to leapses
always go for 18 months out not too
close you don't want to get into time
decay and the art of the leap is to of
course call number one call the bottom
as much as you can. I think right now is
a reasonably good time to calling that
bottom. But the second condition, and
that's why I'm hesitant on leaps right
now. Hesitant. That doesn't mean I don't
like them. I'm still considering, but I
have more time. Uh you want to get into
leaps when you have a runup
because a bottom is not enough. If you
have a bottom and it creeps up very
slowly, the creep up is equivalent to
your time decay. So, you're not making
any money, right? If you're getting into
the bottom and the bottom is 350, let's
say, and one year later you're at 450,
you lost money on the leaps because it's
too slow.
You know what you want is if it goes
from 350 to 450 in like by end of May,
this would be a beautiful thing to get
into leaps and then get out. So leaps
also you need to sell them when you made
a lot of money and you don't see a
repricing. So if Tesla goes up from 350
to 450 for example without a repricing.
So meaning there is no robo taxi there's
no scaling just went up because the
market feels like it again and this is
very likely some kind of bottom. So a
recovery to 450 would still mean we are
down from December significantly and
tread treaded water.
In other words, that can happen without
any great catalyst. We can easily go to
450. We can go up a $100 from here
without any major catalyst. Just because
the market feels good again, Iran is
over. Rest of M goes up. Tesla is a
little bit on some fake good news. We go
to 350 in no time uh to 450. If that
happens,
it's probably time to get rid of your
leaps because then you nailed it. You
got in at the bottom. You had a little
runup. Why do you get out? Because if
there's no catalyst coming that is
reliable, you're just losing money on
the decay. If you get, for example, 600
leaps or something, 600 strike price,
you don't want to be in leaps for long
periods of time because that cost you a
lot of money, long periods where nothing
happens. So you try to catch the runup.
So I went in in in May or whatever,
April last year, and then I got out in
November,
most in November, October, like
somewhere around there. I went out. I
was like, well, that's it for me. So,
the art of leap roll strategies is you
need to get out when you make a lot of
money. And the question when you get out
is a question of why it went up. If
nothing happens to Tesla and it goes to
450, it's time to get out of the leaps
if you buy them now because you got like
a little lucky and a little catalyst. If
we see scaling of cyber cap and that
drives Tesla to 450, definitely don't
get out because that could go all the
way to a,000 because then you're an
upwards trend of repricing.
So you have to make a judgment call.
That's what we are doing here of course
to understand okay did I make a lot of
money and why did I make a lot of money?
If you made a lot of money for no good
reason, sell. Take the win. If you made
a lot of money because we in the middle
of a repricing, don't sell if you're at
450 because this will go to 550 and 650,
potentially 750, potentially 950.
So very important to make the right
calls, understand the underlying trend
where it goes. So would I get into
leaps?
Why I'm not totally convinced is because
I do not see with any reliability
that inflection point coming. If he had
more evidence that unsupervised is
actually coming in the next three
months, I would go in. And maybe you
say, Joe, you told me April or May.
First of all, this is probabilistic.
Second, I'm not saying it's not going to
happen, but do I see enough evidence and
clear catalyst that makes me confidence
enough confident enough to actually put
on leaps that cost me money in time
decay? No. I want to wait until I have
higher certainty on the leaps. I do not
like to sit here and lose money on it.
This having said the odds that we are
going to 400 or 450 with no reason over
the next six months,
maybe three months, maybe four months
are pretty high in my opinion. So if you
want to take that risk for 100 bucks
upwards with leaps,
probably not a bad idea.
I like my short puts because that's
there's no time decay in my to my
disadvantage. There's only advantage. So
if I'm very convinced we have some form
of bottom but I'm not convinced we see a
major runup guaranteed
then short puts are better move than
leaps because short puts
are always much better deal because the
premium is on your side. The problem
with short puts is if anything bad
happens you have margin problems like
it's much more dangerous to the
downside. And so if you have high
conviction, you're hitting a bottom, but
low conviction that there will be a
major runup. Short at the money or even
in the money puts are good. If you hit a
bottom and you say this could also be
combined with a major runup, then leaps
are better.
If you think the stock is very low
and will definitely be much higher in a
year, but you're not sure that this
couldn't drop another 50% because of
some crazy reasons, then leaps are
better because leaps don't put you at
risk. So, it's all about if you have
high conviction this thing has to go
much higher, but you have low conviction
that it doesn't drop more, then leaps
are good. If you have high conviction,
there's a hard floor here or
increasingly hard floor. It can't drop
much more. But I don't know when it runs
up. Short puts at the money or in the
money like big Fed short puts are
better.
If you just want to generate some income
and think the trend is more upwards,
then out of the money short puts weekly
that expire all the time are good.
So, it's all pretty common sense once
you understand the premium situation.
When will Tesla get to 2,000
unsupervised? Well, that's the trillion
dollar question.
I wish I could would have the answer,
but I think they will get there very
quickly once unsupervised scales. I'm
getting more and more into the CERN
Basher mindset like it doesn't even
matter when. What matters is when does
unsupervised cyber cap actually start
scaling because doesn't matter if you
have 24 or 50 or 2,000 because if you
have if you double every month and
you're at 50 it goes 100 200 400 800600
so in five months you're basically at
2,000.
Do you think there is a risk that Tesla
issues more shares to raise money for
teraf?
Uh
that will depend on the situation with
SpaceX and the IPO. 75 billion are a lot
of money.
Sculping premiums on short calls and
puts have been working out pretty well
lately. Yeah,
it works out pretty well until it
doesn't. I do it all the time. I used it
on shorts. Even on the way down, it
worked reasonably well. I have a very
good alpha over Tesla, but uh definitely
lost money. I just lost much less than
Tesla because of that. The people who
went short calls made the right call. I
could have done this more. I only did it
very infrequently.
But now, I'm not a fan of short calls
from here on.
Not weekly short puts, deep out of the
money, long data expiry, maybe a couple
hundred per contracts,
then close the position.
Uh, sure.
What do you mean by
uh longdated expiry like a month, two
months, three months?
That is always the question.
So
yeah, I'm I actually started to be more
active in, you know, playing multiple
dimensions of AGI. I'm much more active
in Nvidia now. Tesla is still twice as
big as a position as Nvidia. Nvidia by
far number two. Uh and then Micro
Strategy, Robin Hood, but tiny Robin
Hood. uh micro strategy for me is a
little complicated bitcoin exposure
because I have a non-paneer alpha
portfolio with bitcoin and ethereum in
it. So it's like my total exposure is
too high if I put too much in pine
alpha. But if I wouldn't have that, I
would have much more
percentage allocation into Ethereum and
Bitcoin. I think these are very hot
assets right now. They behave very
nicely throughout the Iranian crisis.
I think that's good. And sometimes it's
good to have some key. You want to have
super winners in your portfolio.
And my strategy is stick to stocks I
really understand deeply and then rather
play the options game with them to
really capitalize on specific insights.
That's where the alpha comes from.
Instead of trying to understand 10
stocks, no one can do that really
understand them. uh I understand rather
like a smaller like a four to five stock
universe and then really zero in on
Tesla increasingly also Nvidia and Micro
Strategy focus on them and then really
make the right calls to generate alpha
over the stock with the stock. I like
that strategy much more. I think it
works better. It's more unusual. I think
this broad diversification just means
people have no idea
what they're actually doing.
Okay, I think that was a good little
overview. What's going on? Should we do
one last check on Iran?
What's the latest? Any news here? What
does X say about Iran?
Five hours.
[snorts]
One hour.
So, one hour ago, President Trump just
announced that they started blocking it
immediately.
or is it the same news?
Uh he also published this one by the way
after after his first one.
And here he says
uh this caused anxiety, dislocation,
pain to many people and countries
throughout the world. This was not
written by Trump by the way. Clearly
they say they put mines in the water
even though all of their navy and most
of their mine droppers have been
completely blown up.
They may have done so, but what ship
owner would want to take that chance?
There is a great dishonor, permanent
harm to the reputation of Iran, what's
left of their leaders. But we are beyond
all of that. As they promised, they
better begin the process of getting this
international waterway open and fast.
Every law in the book is being violated.
I have been fully debriefed. Blah blah
blah.
here that was also interesting on the
meeting that took place in Islamabad
through the kind and very competent
leadership of field marshall these are
the Pakistanis
they're very extraordinary men and
continues to thank me for saving 30 to
50 million lives
okay the meeting with Iran began early
in the morning last throughout the night
great detail Iran is unwilling to give
out nuclear ambitions in many ways case
the points that were agreed to are
better than us continue our military
operations to conclusion but all of
those points don't matter compared to
allowing nuclear power to be in the
hands of such volatile difficult
unpredictable people that actually is
very nice how he says that so that seems
pretty consiliatory my three [snorts]
representatives as all of the time went
by became not surprising very friendly
and respectful of Iran's representatives
you see this is like interesting stuff
so my three representatative as all of
this time went by became not
surprisingly very friendly and
respectful of Iran's representative
Muhammad Ber Galibbuff Abbas Aragi
and Ali Bagghiri but that doesn't matter
because they were very unyielding as to
the single most important issue and as I
have always said right from the
beginning many years ago Iran will so I
think in total that doesn't seem too
hostile to me
let's see what happens
I suppose you could call the micro
strategy concentrating on a handful of
stocks. Call that a micro. Yes. [snorts]
Very funny. Uh
expecting red market open Monday. No RN
deal and blockade. I mean it will be
interesting you the back end
you know if you
if you read between the lines here
in a way it's a deescalation that's what
I think of course it's an escalation
based on the assumption that there was a
ceasefire everything was fine but no one
believed that so here we see now okay
finally we're pivoting away from ground
troops we're pivoting away from car
island all these insane things that
would lead to a total blow up of the
entire infrastructure. That was my main
concern. This whole game now is like,
who cares? Play in the waters, play in
the high seas, play a little war. No one
cares. And no one takes this stuff
seriously anymore. What was serious
before, if the US would have done
something very dumb and, you know, send
the Marines in there, let them all get
killed, and then Iran escalates and
destroys all this oil stuff. That was
serious business. what Israel did with
this island in between and Iran, you had
real damage there. So, I think a lot of
people see this as a game and Trump
wants to play and they want to play like
let them all play. It's all fine as long
as they don't break anything. And the
problem is if you do actual ground stuff
and what we started to see in the
conflict was real damage and the fact
that they are now removing it into the
high seas. I mean, nothing can really
happen there.
I think the way the world views this is
like and discounts and you see the
market discounting it that they don't
take this seriously. They think let them
play
and when there was actually bombing for
this natural gas installations that take
five years to reconstruct then the
market started really crashing because
that's not a game. So you know from that
perspective let's see what happens
tomorrow.
I think the blockade game can definitely
drive up the oil price, but it's a very
nonlasting damage now, right? This whole
operation does not damage any
infrastructure. It does not lead to
long-term oil price elevations and the
market doesn't care too much about that.
So, let's see. And all the signals
between the lines is like Trump is not
going to go back into the madness.
That's what people I think expect at
this point.
So, I'm kind of cautiously bullish on
this whole thing. Will we have a red
day? Sure, potentially.
You should observe the oil futures
tonight and then we will know more.
Okay, thank you so much for tuning in 90
minutes. It was good. I hope we get you
the our agents ready soon on Pioneer
Lands. go there and ask your questions
of course and then we can uh continue. I
hope to get you an update tomorrow
on the Tesla outlook and strategy and
then we go from there.
Thanks everyone. Greetings to Texas and
everyone we had here.
We didn't do the survey in the
beginning. Where everyone is?
Texas. I only saw Texas.
See you guys. Enjoy your week.