Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       What Separates Tesla From Every Other Mag 7
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYAKucgbjM0
Published:   2026-05-25 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-25 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I think we can draw out some important
distinctions between Tesla and some of
the other Mag 7 companies. Uh some of
the other mag 7 companies have become
very capital intensive where they were
they did they didn't used to be. Yeah.
This is a a little chart that I put
together to sort of look at the capital
efficiency of Tesla over time starting
in Q1 of 2016 looking at the cumulative
revenue on that top line relative to the
cumulative capex spend. Yeah. So for
every dollar that Tesla invested, how
many new dollars of revenue did they get
on a cumulative basis? So kind of
looking at at the lifetime of the
company and of course as you add more
time here, uh this becomes more
meaningful. But you can see that
initially it was in the you know $3 to
$6 range uh $3 to $6 of revenue for
every dollar of capex spent. And then
over time as you build factories and you
start to ramp up output from those
factories um that cumulative revenue to
capex ratio the top line there rose to
between 9 and 10. Um so that's pretty
sweet. You know for every dollar you
spend on capex if you can get $10 of
revenue that's a pretty good trade-off.
You should do that all day long.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Now of course it's not just capex. You
also maybe want to factor in some R&amp;D.
But if you add R&amp;D in here like I did
with the green line, you do end up
double counting a few things. So that's
not a perfect measure either. But again,
just just to kind of look at both of
them, look at the trends, I think is
helpful. And you can certainly see in
recent years, and of course, we know
that with Tesla's revenue, it hasn't
grown much in the last few years. And so
these two lines have kind of flatlined,
but still they've flatlined at very high
levels. So that's very encouraging. So
it seems like the is it true that Tesla
spends money right when they're about to
get the money the revenue? So like uh
typically you would spend to build
factories it would take 3 4 5 years
before that actually then produces. So
where is the spend for humanoid robot
spending or AI data centers that yet
hasn't turned to revenue?
&gt;&gt; Well and that's just it and this is the
the key challenge and I think this is
where Elon excels. um he is able to
spend the money kind of right before
&gt;&gt; the time when you can start generating
revenue. Now obviously if you're
building a gigafactory there's some lead
time to that. You got to put some
capital on the ground. You've got to
build this factory. You got to put all
the equipment in the factory. You've got
to test this. There's so much money that
goes into it. So that part is is
difficult. But there's certain things I
think that that people have found fault
with Tesla. And one of the most recent
examples is here's the Tesla Semi
rolling off the manufacturing lines now
or beginning to. And a lot of people are
saying, well, where are the
superchargers for semi? How come they
haven't invested in a nationwide roll
out? They've been telling us for years
and years, the semiis coming. They could
have taken that time to build this out.
Well, in that case, you wouldn't be very
capital efficient. You would have built
these this infrastructure that maybe
wasn't needed until 5 years later. So
Elon I think is very good at at timing
and coinciding the spend with the
product and we now have an announcement
today of of Tesla rolling out uh
essentially superchargers mega charges
for the trucks that companies can buy
along with buying the Tesla semi. Um, so
that's just one small example, but I
think in terms of the humanoid robots,
if you're developing the robot and
you're at a certain point, there's no
point in building a massive facetry
until you know that you're very close to
be actually being able to produce a
production ready robot. And of course,
now we're seeing the signs of that. uh
they're going to take down the Model S
and X line in Fremont uh beginning this
quarter and they're going to very
quickly in the process of you know 40 to
60 days turn that line into a 1 million
unit capacity humanoid robot production
line and at the same time we're now
seeing
ground moved and foundation being laid
for the 10 million humanoid factory in
Texas and that factory may take 12 to 15
months to complete. So Tesla's very good
at timing the capex spend kind of right
before they really need it and right
before they can get to the point where
they can produce these products.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that's a good explanation. Okay,
&gt;&gt; now this is another one I wanted to show
and this is a a new chart. U we're
looking at the trailing 12-month
changes. The blue lines are the trailing
12- month changes in revenue. Okay, so
you can think of it as the revenue
produced in 12-month period. And then
for capex, we're looking at the trailing
12 months changes in cumulative capex
spend. And so the question there is you
can see kind of on a rolling basis for
every dollar essentially of capex what
the incremental revenue was that that
capex produced. Now I would first all
first of all admit that when you're
investing money in capex you're not
getting an immediate return. We just
discussed that they're building a robot
factory that won't start to produce
robots for a year or two down the line.
So in some ways this is a very unfair
measure to judge the revenue produced in
a given year for the dollars spent in
that year on capex. There really should
be a bit of a lag time here. But you can
see here that the green line for Tesla,
what I'm calling capital efficiency,
it's the incremental revenue per dollar
of capex and R&amp;D spent. And you can see
that's ranged between call it $6 and $9.
So, that's a pretty good near-term
return on a dollar of capex spent in
that in that year. And you can certainly
see it it fluctuates a little bit. If
you go back to 2017, very capex heavy
spend and they don't yet have the
revenue generated from those factories
and then you can see a massive increase
as those factories start to ramp up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, there for Tesla, it's going to be
very lumpy. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And I think the the thing to think about
too for Tesla now as they head into
what's going to be a very capital
intensive spend uh time now for the next
year or two. Uh we could actually see
this line go down. But the green line
should benefit from some of the capex
spend that they've done over the last
few years. For example, as they start
producing cyber cab and putting that
into the robo taxi fleet and earning
revenue from that. So, it'll be
interesting to see even during this
heavy capexic spend period that's coming
up for Tesla if that green line can
continue to rise.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a good chance it will.
&gt;&gt; That's where I'm at. It's like they
should spend more, but this is this
table shows me that they have the room
to do this. They're not in any way, you
know, they're already doing such a great
job with it that they allowed themselves
this opportunity to go ahead and go
crazy now.
Uh, and then hopefully the revenue will
skyrocket. What's the point?
&gt;&gt; Um, on the next page, Herbert is a
comparison of those uh, so the capital
efficiency ratios. Tesla's in red and
Microsoft, Google, and Amazon are kind
of bunched
&gt;&gt; and the rest of lines there just to kind
of show you on one chart the comparison.
&gt;&gt; So Tesla right now is at twice the
capital efficiency of those of those
other companies. And this by the way
Tesla is a very capital intensive
company because it's a manufacturer an
automobile manufacturer that is not
cheap to build these plants to make
these cars. Now of course these other
companies have become very capital
intensive as well now and you can see
that here on this this one chart. I I
this is the question I asked uh Elon uh
when I had a chance is like is it luck
that you go you you know things seem to
just turn out right like you know he
decides what 20 years ago I'm going to
get into building cars and everybody's
like shaking their head what are you
talking about you're a software guy you
can build software software is eating
the world high has high margins but
somehow he knew that someday you need to
have he's how many times has he said
factory is the
which many of us didn't really like.
Yeah, factory is great because it you're
you're a car company, but actually you
know Microsoft and Google and these guys
are like raking the cash because it's a
high margin software business but he
knew that at some point with AI they are
in trouble. You need to have factories
as you have to make stuff. You still
have to make it. Yeah. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Um so the next chart Herbert is the same
thing but just revenue versus capex.
taking out the R&amp;D. And so on that
basis, you can see that Tesla up there
at about 10 is well above the others
between three and five. So again, more
than twice as much.
&gt;&gt; What does this tell you? That they are
that based on how much market revenue
they're making, they're doing just the
right amount of capex.
&gt;&gt; Well, they're producing $10 revenue for
every every dollar of capex spend. And
other companies are producing only three
to five. So Tesla is twice as
&gt;&gt; But it's trailing. Can you really make
that statement that it's actually you're
you're almost becoming forwardlooking
versus just trailing though?
&gt;&gt; Well, that's just it. Ford the
forward-looking one is the number that
matters and those other companies are
hoping that the forward-looking number
here improves that their capex spending
will will, you know, will generate the
results for Tesla. Again, since we know
so much about Tesla and what the robo
taxi business model looks like, I'm
pretty confident that this line even in
a in a heavier capex period that this
line is going to rise as they start
ramping up robo taxi.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh or think we know how like you
said it earlier, uh Tesla is such a
incredible operator that they've already
kind of hinted that uh they're going to
borrow they can borrow money if they
need to to build more robots to build
more robo taxis. They've got they can go
out to the capital markets if they need
to. They can raise that $25 billion. In
fact, their statement that they actually
made was over $25 billion to spend, not
just that number.
&gt;&gt; They're going to spend more if they need
to. But they also are saying that we
think that we're going to be able to
start getting cash in from the robo taxi
business in time for the buildout of the
robo taxi business. And it could
actually
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; You know,
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; It's like, oh man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think that they they they're
trying to time that to see that. Isn't
&gt;&gt; that crazy how brilliant of an operator
they are? Just crazy if that works out
right versus everyone else seems to you
better prove soon you can make money out
of this because it's not looking good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.