Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla AI Reaches the Point Where Everything Gets Decided
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTUvtoqmu6E
Published:   2026-04-08 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-08 18:57 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Guys, uh AI is just around the corner.
It is happening. It is real and it is
here. Uh so, uh we're going to have a
quick chat about that. John has brought
some slides. We're going to figure it
all out. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza
&gt;&gt; on the go. I'm going to add this in
because I'd like you to tell me. So,
talk me through it. What's going on?
&gt;&gt; First of all, have I escaped April Fool?
Does it work the same there for you?
Does it stop at midday?
&gt;&gt; Midday? No, definitely not. It goes I I
think by 900 p.m. you should be done
with it because people will have had
their fill. Uh but I think even if you
really want to be a fool, 11:59 p.m. is
going to do the trick.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, no, I'm pretty sure over here
in England, you're not allowed, at least
that's the way it was in school and
whatever, to do them after lunchtime.
Ah, that sounds like a rule the teachers
made. And what I would uh say to that is
it also depends on whom the joke is. The
joke's on me. So,
&gt;&gt; it could be. It could be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, are we ready?
&gt;&gt; I am.
&gt;&gt; AI is exploding.
&gt;&gt; Oh, no. Not an explosion.
&gt;&gt; It is.
All we're going to do is walk through a
whole series. I don't know how far we'll
get through these tabs because there's a
lot going on, but we literally just want
to pop in. People will know Andre Andre
Kopathy used to be head of AI at Tesla's
self-driving
etc. Uh this is a post from him a little
while ago. Uh I think early in March.
It's hard to communicate how much
programming has changed in the last two
months.
He is saying that before Christmas AI uh
wasn't good enough to do his all of his
program. It was doing about 20% of it
&gt;&gt; and in the last few weeks it's flipped
and it's now doing most of his software.
Now we know his software is fairly
complicated. He's doing some interesting
things. So I mean I won't go through all
these examples because there's lots to
say but obviously he's a very serious
software person and there has been a
change in the last 3 months. I can say
the same thing personally. Uh I often
say I'm a software dinosaur. Uh I
learned how to write PC software. Modern
full stack web development software is
much more complicated. uh I've been
dipping uh my fingers in typing away a
little bit, but there's a lot to it.
It's a completely different paradigm.
So, I tried AI a few months ago and I
found the same. It could do little bits
for you. It could do uh a bit of a
function. It could do uh fix mistakes
you'd made. If you tried to give it a
big piece of software, it would just get
confused. It was too complicated. It
would make mistakes. It would break
everything. Something has changed in the
last three months uh last early this
year and it's accelerating. I can now
ask Claude code which is what most
people are saying is the best coding
engineer out there at the moment. Uh we
might come back and talk about Elon and
XAI briefly a little later, but uh Elon
says they will catch up. Uh but who
knows? So, I could now ask Claude to
say, "I would like this feature. I want
it to work a bit like this." I leave it
for 10 minutes and it brings the first
version up and it's pretty good. Uh, if
something's not right, I tell it and
we've got some code.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; So, there is a real challenge. People
are also saying that if you go out in
the world and have a look around, I go
meet a friend in Costa for a coffee. We
look around and people seem to be
blissfully ignorant, drinking their
coffee, doing their everyday things.
What's happening is the state-of-the-art
is actually being focused on writing
software.
The reason being the software itself,
the AI is software.
So, it's improving itself all the time.
Once it's doing all those things, even
better, it then begins to spread out.
People have been saying that we're only
seeing about 10 or 15%
of what the current versions of AI can
do as it reaches out into the rest of
the world because it's going to take a
while for all the other software
companies to catch up to apply those
techniques and to push them all the way
through. So, you're just seeing the tip
of the iceberg
except this iceberg isn't melting. It's
getting bigger exponentially.
So it's going to hit land and it's going
to cause trouble uh in lots of companies
across lots of jobs. So Andre is saying
that. So what else is he saying?
Something else he released literally.
What was the date on this one? March the
7th, 3 weeks ago. He's fine-tuning his
own little harness large language
models. If you imagine the the way that
these large language models work,
uh people have probably heard you give
it a prompt and you get an answer and it
makes the answer up one word at a time
by looking at all the various statistics
about what's most likely. But that's the
end of the story. If you just talk to a
language model raw, you give it one set
of words and you get another back. If
you give it another set of words, you
start all over again right at the
beginning. It's got no memory. So what
they do is they wrap what they used to
call scaffolding and they're now perhaps
calling a harness around it. So even a
chat window is a harness because if you
ask it a question, if I say, "Who's
Brian White? He's on YouTube." It'll
tell me. And then I might say, "And what
does he talk about?" Now you notice in
the second question, I didn't give your
name. So what the chat uh harness is
doing is it's keeping a history of the
conversation. So every time you ask the
next question, it gives it the whole
history. So you're not just asking the
second question, you're asking it in the
context of all of the other bits. Now
Claude code and all the other coding
tools are very large harnesses. I say
very large, not as big as the models
themselves, but fairly substantial
pieces of software because a coding
harness for AI needs to know how to
write files. It needs to know how the
software libraries fit all together. It
needs to orchestrate the conversation to
get all the answers from the large
language model to say I want to solve
this particular problem. Give me some
code. It then has to take the code, drop
it into the right place, know how to
build the software. So, it's literally
like an orchestra uh managing all of the
resources that it needs. Andre uh has
got a very minimal one of those that is
wrapped around a little language model.
And he did something rather interesting.
He called it auto research. What people
have been doing prior to that to try and
improve these harnesses is literally
make a change, try it. Uh it's a little
bit like going back to advertising in
magazines. You'd put a new advert in and
see what the response is next month.
&gt;&gt; Was faster. Obviously, it's software,
but it was still taking hours. What he
did is he wrapped it up in something
that actually applies
looks for for changes and what it might
do, applies them, changes its own code,
runs it again, sees what the result is,
and keeps going. So, this is running
loops. So, there we go. Five minutes
each one. and he tries something else.
Andre had been hard coding this little
model and fine-tuning it for weeks and
we know he's an expert software
engineer, but in a matter of a day or
two, it had found all sorts of
improvements and improved the
performance of that little harness by an
extra 15% on something that one of the
best programmers in the world had
already fine-tuned and thought he'd done
a pretty good job. So, what we're seeing
is it can not only be better, it can do
it extremely quickly. Talking away like
crazy. Is this all making sense?
&gt;&gt; I mean, to me, no. But, uh, I'm not
really the target audience for it. I
mean, all I hear is the magic is getting
more magical.
&gt;&gt; And of course, the speed is better
because it's not encumbered by the rate
of human calculation.
&gt;&gt; Let's say it's magic. We've got a
wizard. Uh, we've seen these wizard
programs and magic programs on the
telly. They have to learn all the
spells. Uh it takes the ages to learn
it. What this means is they can make
their own spells up and just go faster
and faster and do whatever they want.
It's like it really is accelerating. Uh
that's enough Harry Potter,
&gt;&gt; I suppose.
&gt;&gt; So he left he left this running for two
days on all sorts of technical things.
Depth 12, all all sorts of things. It
found 20 separate improvements
across two days.
And
&gt;&gt; I'm not going to go into And it it
works. It keeps trying these things. I'm
not used to these ears. I don't normally
bother looking at them. They fall out me
ears. Do you have to glue them in or
something?
&gt;&gt; Uh yes. Yes, you do. It's
&gt;&gt; Is that Is that how it works?
&gt;&gt; I don't know how people get on in the
gym. They must be falling out all over
the place. So, this is accelerating. I
mean, Andre is talking about it. But
that technique
called that he called auto research. Sit
in a loop and improve yourself. It turns
out it works on everything. Have you
heard of the word skills with with
regard to AI?
&gt;&gt; No. Okay.
&gt;&gt; I've heard uh uh people who are good at
it referred to as promptitudes, but I
don't think that's the same thing.
&gt;&gt; It it's it's related.
&gt;&gt; Okay, good.
&gt;&gt; If you if you sit in your chat window
talking to Grock, what you type is your
prompt. You're literally prompting it to
do something and it gives you the
answer. As I was saying with the chat
window,
if you say in the first one, I'm writing
a program which I want it to be a game
or I would like you to write me a little
game. Uh I want it to have little aliens
that move backwards and forwards. I've
got this vague memory of space invaders
from when I was in at school. Uh and I
want to shoot at them. You're building
up a description of what you want to be
built. The problem with that is that
every time you want to write a game, you
have to describe the whole thing because
the language model at the moment has got
no memory other than what you tell it in
that prompt conversation. What people
have started doing is writing skills,
which is literally a text file that says
this particular skill is for creating
little alien spaceships when you're
writing games.
That's a silly example, but I've just
downloaded one yesterday that's got a
whole set of marketing skills in it for
doing your SEO, how to do copywriting
better, and it's a complete guide as to
how to do these things all in one one
text file or a set of text files,
&gt;&gt; which means that when I say I'd like to
do some advertise, I want to write some
posts on LinkedIn,
it knows that there's a skill for
writing posts on LinkedIn. what works
best rather than having to go into its
giant memory having to do web searches
all over the place trying to work it out
for itself. You can actually guide it.
So it's like when you've got your
apprentice in the office, you give them
the skills manual literally that this is
how you do all these different things.
There's thousands of these things that
people are writing.
So, not only is the large language
models themselves improving,
not only have we now got this thing that
autoimproves,
we've got a whole library of skills that
tell it how to do marketing, writing
websites, using programming, whatever it
might be. Everything is exploding
together and getting faster and faster.
So, this guy is saying he's saying that
you could apply this the auto
improvement, auto research to the
skills. So if somebody's written a skill
that says this is how you write LinkedIn
posts, you apply this technique to it.
You create LinkedIn posts, then measure
how good they are. That's the bit I
don't quite uh some things are going to
be harder to measure. If it's a program,
if it if it crashes, it's broken. If
it's a LinkedIn post, it might be
subjective, but uh over time, you could
collect metrics, see how many people
respond, how many people like your post,
all those kind of things. Everything is
improving. Everything is going faster
and faster. So I I'm only going to say
this quickly because Claude code various
different people. There's their CPO. I
presume that's chief product officer
saying that
&gt;&gt; saying that they're writing
&gt;&gt; yeah all of their code now is being
written by Claude code. The engineers
are just saying I want these new
features monitoring it.
uh even a year ago their chief ex uh
chief exec Dario was saying that it's
going to be 90% within a year it's
actually 100% pretty much so you've got
software in they used to say in years
gone by that a good software developer
in the middle of a giant piece of
software would write 10 lines of code
that worked because they'd have to
manually write it test it debug it work
two to three thousand lines of code
generated on a new feature We've got
orders of magnitude improvement on the
speed at which software is being
written. So that's their chief product
officer. Uh he's their Boris Churnney is
their chief that runs Claude code. He
created in the month leading so this is
last year it's getting better uh after
that 229 pull requests.
A pull request is I've written some
code. I've tested it on my machine and I
want to pull it into the product. Please
merge it in. So he's created 229 little
bits of software written by Claude that
are all improving Claude all the time.
This this is just staggering amounts of
productivity.
We have crossed the inflection point and
that's Dario. We're not building tools
anymore. Uh what they're focusing on now
this is a connection to what Elon talks
about. Elon says that they're not going
to try to tell Grock
what it should and shouldn't say.
They're going to try to get it to
understand the world. Anthropic that
create Claude have got a different
approach. They've got a manual, a
constitution of what's good and what's
not. Uh if they make mistakes, who knows
where that might go. So, this is going
to be interesting. Uh but that's him
talking about they've given up trying to
do it all for themselves. They're trying
to instill a moral code into the into
the code because as it's going so fast,
who knows where it's going to end up.
They're not just writing a model.
They're creating a moral code. Perhaps
if anybody wants to see these, you could
look at the the names of them and go and
check for yourselves.
There's just so much happening. We're
flying through really quickly here.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Now, now
&gt;&gt; I mean, we do have I mean, yes, because
we've got uh five minutesish until I cut
you off, but yes.
&gt;&gt; So, we've got rumors literally in the
last few days, uh we've had a couple of
leaks from Anthropic, uh a week or two
ago, I lose time. Not even a week ago,
Claude Anthropic accidentally, some
people say quotes, accidentally let
people into their private blogs. Oops.
They have an area where they write
things.
&gt;&gt; One of those blog posts, here it is over
on the right, is about their next
models. Uh, lots of details in there.
Uh, but it's a step above their latest
released model, Opus 4.6, which is the
workhorse behind the best bits of clawed
code that everybody is saying is
brilliant. What they're saying is this
is twice as good. Now, that's a bit
subjective. also saying in the leak it's
going to be very expensive to run.
&gt;&gt; But I mean some of these software
companies, their best engineers are
burning through tens of thousands of
dollars worth of tokens every month
because what they're producing is worth
so much. So it might be that this model
is so good you can only use it for
certain things.
&gt;&gt; But if it truly is twice as good and is
a breakthrough,
uh we're not quite sure what's coming
because it was already good. But the
reason to highlight this is Anthropic
are apparently worried. They've
apparently been warning the government
this is coming. Uh they've released it
in its early uh version a bit like they
do with uh FSD to the testers. Uh
they've released it to the security
companies. the security companies that
work on all the tools that protect your
computer from threats or your software,
looking for exploit exploits, trying to
block them, all those kind of things.
Because this is so good at finding bugs
in software that you can exploit to
break into the other people's computers,
they're giving it to the uh security
companies first because it's so
dangerous because it will help everybody
find lots of problems that let them
steal other people's data, break into
their databases, all sorts of things.
software is always notoriously a battle
between the people that are trying to
block these things and the people that
are trying to break in.
That is yes it is a never- ending war to
that is being waged and I have seen some
early failures of people trying to vibe
code only to find you know catastrophic
problems like uh uh the database refuses
to stop calling a single item or uh
holes in the security sufficiently broad
that you could drive a lori through it
comfortably. Uh but uh I don't know how
much of that is um real versus uh versus
you know memes on the internet. Um I
will uh say real quick here that uh this
is a uh uh you're catching this perhaps
as part of the live show on April 1st.
Maybe you're catching it a day or so
later. Uh but this is just part one in
the discussion. There will be a part two
coming tomorrow. You'll see it's coming