Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       4 Signs Tesla Sentiment Is Turning. All in One Week
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dEVSEZKuO8
Published:   2026-08-05 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-05 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kathy Wood just told Tesla shareholders
their patience is about to get rewarded.
And she's not the only one changing her
tune. Analysts Edmunds, Motor Trend, and
the big car channels all moved this
week. First, Kathy says Robo Taxi is
Elon's gift to patient Tesla
shareholders, a $10 trillion market that
flips Tesla's margins from 16% to 80 or
90%. With Tesla's costs coming in half
of Whimo by 2030. Second, tech analyst
James Altature calls it the mistake of
the decade to treat Tesla like a car
company with Optimus aimed at a $60
trillion labor market. Third, a million
subscriber car channel try FSE for the
first time and the reaction on camera
was mind is blown. This is the future.
Unbelievable that it took them this long
to finally test Tesla's FSZ. And
finally, Edund says the L, the Model Y L
isn't just a bigger Model Y, it's a
better one. and motor transfers drive
found no real weaknesses. Any of these
alone is just a data point. But all of
them in the same week that looks like
sentiment is turning. In my opinion,
sentiment usually moves before the price
does. We've got Joe Bacti here with us
today. He's an economist, investor, and
tech entrepreneur. He has a YouTube
channel covering both Tesla and AGI.
Check out his website and community at
pionerlands.org.
Welcome, Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back. Okay, we're talking
Tesla stock and whether or not we're
seeing sentiment changing. It's kind of
shocking a little bit. First, we're
going to show Kathy Wood and she's been
saying the same thing for a while. We
know that she's the biggest Tesla bull
out there, but now we've got
publications like Edmonds and Motor
Trend and then more and more Tik Tok
videos and big YouTube channels testing
Tesla FSD and they're being very, very
positive about it. Sentiment. Um, let's
watch Kathy Wood and uh see what she
says. Same thing that she said before,
but she kind of phrased it differently
about being a gift to patient Tesla
shareholders. Let's listen. because I do
think Elon wants to reward those of us
who have been patient shareholders
uh with the robo taxi uh takeoff and uh
and now that analysts are being forced
to look at this new world they are
seeing Tesla's model shift from
16% gross margins in electric vehicles
to ultimately with robo taxis just that
opportunity segmented that's 80 to 90%
uh gross margins
&gt;&gt; but it's still a very competitive market
isn't it? it well
it seems so there are a lot of companies
trying to enter
&gt;&gt; um we do think this is a winner takemost
market uh because the company to get
passengers from point A to point B the
safest uh the fastest and the least
expensively and that last one is where
Tesla will ultimately win uh will win
the lion share it's a little bit like
Uber andyft there's a network effect and
uh and and so we think Tesla will win
the lion share. So uh if we're right
then globally the revenue generation
from uh autonomous taxis is going to sc
globally including China is going to
scale to north of 10 trillion within the
next 5 to 10 years and we're talking
about only a billion dollars right now.
uh and again lion share will go to a few
companies. The platform providers will
get most of the profits. Tesla is a
platform provider. Whimo is as well. But
Tesla because it's vertically integrated
from a manufacturing point of view. We
believe that by 2030
its costs will be 50% lower than Whimo's
costs given what we know now. And so it
will be able to pass those lower costs
on and provide a less expensive ride.
&gt;&gt; What do you think, uh, Joe? Did she say
anything new that you hadn't heard
before?
&gt;&gt; Not really. [laughter]
I mean, we know all about that stuff.
Uh, I think there are two reasons why
has no chance in my opinion. Uh, and I
said it before, reason number one, I
think that technology sucks. The
technology stack is reliant on lighter.
That is actually not just a cost issue.
It's a technical issue, right? That
means they have a convoluted, not in the
technical sense, a convoluted neural
net, you know, not a convolutional but a
convoluted technology. They have like
two types of inputs. This is really bad.
And second, we know that they have to
manually do all that stuff, map out the
cities, which is different from Tesla
validating things. So
the second reason is they have a cost
disadvantage. Not just because of LAIDA,
also because they don't they are not an
OEM. We just had today an analyst
meeting here to discuss this internally.
And one of our new analysts, he
basically modeled out $45,000 cost basis
cost basis at scale at a million robo
taxi scale. And so I told him, are you
nuts? Like why? And he said, well, I
looked into Whimo, bro. I was like,
yeah, he's actually right on Whimo. Even
at a million cars, they would spend
probably 40,000 per car because if it's
not your car, you need to buy it from
someone else and they're going to charge
you plus the lighter stuff. Whereas
Tesla can manufacture them probably at
between 15 and 20,000 per car if they
have a million per year. So yeah, there
is an absolutely massive advantage uh on
multiple dimensions. That's the problem.
What do you think about her comment that
this is uh you know Elon will reward
Tesla pay shareholders for their
patience.
I don't know that positioning.
&gt;&gt; I don't like that kind of thinking. I
think it's very like emo. It's like okay
Elon is probably nicer than many other
CEOs and founders but he's still of
course he's a total cutthroat business
module. He's the richest man in the
world. He's not like I wonder how I not
hurt Herbert and Joe. It's like, no, he
has other problems. He wants to win and
he's going to make sure he wins and he's
not going to screw over Tesla
shareholders on purpose, but when it
comes down to it, he's going to make
sure he gets his way. That's what it is.
And merging SpaceX and Tesla is much
more important than us. So, uh, that
doesn't mean he wants to screw anyone
over. It means he wants to win and if
necessary, it needs to get done. I think
it's I mean, if you don't think that,
you're delusional. That's what I think.
&gt;&gt; I think everything she says is is right
on and she's still thinking 5 to 10
years out. Uh, you know, 2030. So, yes,
all of this will still catch up. Uh, my
thesis right now is that everything's
been delayed clearly. That's push it off
by year. Tesla's uh rolling it out
slower than almost everyone thought it
would by this year. But what they what
they haven't stopped is all the
production all the you know prepare
preparations. So that even though it's
delayed one year now it's probably
pulled forward one year five years from
now. Things that would have happened six
years from now is now going to happen
five years from now because everything's
so prepared and all that. So we'll end
up where we are.
&gt;&gt; I think right now we in a sentiment
valley or bottom. I think people now see
it way too dark. I didn't change much.
Maybe I think I pushed out 6 months my
2030 predictions. Maybe 9 months, but
not much more. We will have millions of
robo taxis. I'm pretty sure about that.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, there you go. You just said
sentiment is at the bottom. That's what
we're going to look at today because it
sure looks like sentiment has changed.
Um the amount of videos on Tik Tok of
people discovering Tesla's FSD, uh
publications that used to be pretty
negative on Tesla turning around. Um and
just general commentary. Here's one from
James Altter. He's one of um America's
most widely followed tech analysts. He
calls viewing Tesla, if you view Tesla
as merely an automaker, that would be
the mistake of the decade. He says that
Elon Musk has quietly reoriented the
company around AI and robotics, pointing
to a project dubbed ARM, short for
autonomous revenue machine. I don't know
where that comes from. Okay. [laughter]
He's referring to Tesla's Optimus
cumuloid robot. Don't know if that's
real that there's a project within Tesla
called ARM or that himself. According to
Alture, Tesla scaling back focus on
traditional vehicle models to target the
60 trillion. Yep, we know this
commercial ecosystem structured like an
Uber for physical labor. Everyday
individuals purchase an Optimus unit for
20 30,000 rented out business seeking
asset light operations because they can
work double shifts without breaks. We
know all this already. Each machine can
net its owner 30,000 per year in passive
income. Uh we already know all that.
Okay, so uh the real investment play
lies in Tesla supply chain, a
littleknown semiconductor company
manufacturing a critical power drive and
current sensing chips for Optimus
motorized joints. He's he's pointing out
that this is the time to invest in these
kind of things.
&gt;&gt; But um yeah, I mean it's great to see
more and more.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, and I think when I said sentiment
bottom, I'm not talking about the
product. I'm not talking about the cars.
I'm talking about the stock because
you're totally right. FSD and the cars
have totally not a sentiment bottom. The
opposite. There are like more people
buying FSD than ever before. Tesla is in
a complete surge back to the top
brandwise. People love it. So all that
stuff is very good, but I don't care too
much about it. I care about the stock. I
care about Roboaxi. I care about
Optimus.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So the question to you Joe
then is okay if you do see sentiment
changing. Uh Chris Camlo is very well
known as kind of like the main man as a
best investor in the world for what he
calls social arb and uh social
arbitration arbitrage is when you are
very carefully looking at what's
happening in the culture looking at
social media for example and there's an
uptick and he's following that so
closely you know Google searches those
kind of things and then he realizes
there is an uninvested area here because
he's seeing a wave of people wanting
that product. That seems to be where
we're at with FSD and Model Y and cars
and Tesla in general or you know what
what's your view on that concept as an
investor?
&gt;&gt; I mean social app it's great but it's
not the only thing he does by the way. I
think it's just his brand but he did
just a huge Amazon gamble. That's a long
story. I think it was a gamble. People
are really torn over it. I I'm not
saying he didn't do amazing research on
Amazon, had very high conviction, but
betting with long call options on an
earnings call is a little nuts because
you I mean, who the hell knows what the
market wants, right? So, he made this
huge bet on Amazon that was not social.
I think he's just someone who has a very
good sense of prices and does very deep
research and he's definitely very deep
into Tesla knowledgewise, but not
invested right now. He bet very big on
Optimus and now took it back because he
sets wrong timing. He's very timing
sensitive.
Uh, so I would definitely watch Chris.
He's also very into robots, invested,
right? He knows behind the scenes. He
knows all these guys. He visits figure
one, electronic. He knows all of them.
He doesn't know Tesla, do I? And he's
saying there's revolutionary stuff
happening on the robots. And uh I do
think with Optimus, it's a little bit
like robo taxi. All these arguments why
Tesla is so amazing are of course true,
but they only make they only matter once
it works for Optimus too. Like of course
they win on supply chain and all kinds
of stuff. And of course, as I said
before, the Chinese are very strong, but
they will be blocked from Europe and the
US with human robots. They will just not
be allowed there, you know. So Tesla
will be unique. Same with robo taxi.
Once it works, they kill it. The
question is when does it work
&gt;&gt; and it's the same same question with
Optimus.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, anyways, the good news is we
are seeing uh more and more Tik Tok
videos, more and more FSD. We've been uh
Tesla retail investors, we've been
saying, hey, we need to see
advertisement. We need to show the world
more. How could they not know? And the
world doesn't know, right? 99% of people
have no idea that these cars drive
themselves. Take a look at this. This is
a car review channel on YouTube called
Redline Reviews. They have over a
million YouTube subscribers and they're
a car review channel and this is the
first time that they tried out Tesla's
FSD
[laughter]
uh on a Model Y and uh look at the
reaction that they have.
&gt;&gt; I've never had a chance to experience
something like this, the full
self-driving. I have to say, Rob, it's
doing an amazing job. I My mind is blown
right now. Like this is stupid. This is
like this is like the future. Like I
have always said like GM Super Cruise
was the absolute best, which it's still
good, but I mean this is what Tesla is
known for. God, this is scary.
&gt;&gt; Oh, it's doing Oh, there's a person.
&gt;&gt; Oh god. Oh god.
&gt;&gt; Look at that. It recognized the sign
with the stop sign.
&gt;&gt; Holy. What? [laughter]
&gt;&gt; This is like so crazy right now.
&gt;&gt; He's even little dude on the screen. The
big stop sign.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Well, welcome to Beverly Hills in
West Hollywood where the traffic is just
incessant.
&gt;&gt; Now, if he tells you to back up so this
truck can get by.
&gt;&gt; Oh my. Oh,
&gt;&gt; it's backing up.
&gt;&gt; And it recognizes the BMW.
&gt;&gt; Are you freaking kidding me?
&gt;&gt; He's not doing any of this, guys.
&gt;&gt; I'm I'm not like This is like I'm Okay,
what?
&gt;&gt; Let's figure it out. [laughter] Let's
figure it out.
&gt;&gt; I am just so shocked right now.
&gt;&gt; So, it backed up enough to let the truck
by without hitting the BMW behind us.
Now, we're back in drive.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And he's even creeping forward as
as an impatient person like we would.
&gt;&gt; I mean, I did set it to go to hurry. I I
don't think I'm ballsy enough to do Mad
Max, but
&gt;&gt; Mad Max, it would have just ran over.
&gt;&gt; Oh god. Okay. Yeah, probably.
&gt;&gt; That's pretty impressive.
&gt;&gt; So, that's the first time you're seeing
something like this?
&gt;&gt; Uh, I think I've gotten a free trial,
but I probably did when I was driving to
the airport and I already have my
&gt;&gt; route. You see that? First time
experiencing intelligence in the car
reasoning.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think uh it's definitely very
impressive. We know it's very
impressive, but the question is what's
happening? But I saw like they keep
hiring robo taxi operators all over the
place. So it's back to our old question,
what's happening? And I think it's
pretty clear that we in the middle of a
rollout. I think people are just not
really getting it. Like this is a roll
out. It's a slow roll out, but they're
building like crazy, investing like
crazy, not just in robotics, but in the
infrastructure.
H I think it's just you know it's just
happening as we watch it and for some
reason you know people are just too uh
maybe too
limited by the idea they need to see a
number like is it 1,000 you know robo
taxes if not there is nothing and if it
is then it's there but the reality is
this is a giant infrastructure being
built out as we speak that clearly is
only designed for
&gt;&gt; robo taxi yeah there is a huge group of
people who will only invest once you've
proven it and you're waiting for
thousands of uh robo taxis on the road
before they will even agree that it
exists. There is a small group of people
that like us who will go oh my god
there's something here stock is
undervalued and they might start buying
it. there is this um kind of like stages
that people go through and one of the
reasons when I asked Lars Morvy Tesla
executive uh why aren't isn't Tesla
advertising full self-driving when it's
so good right now and he said the answer
was just like an airplane you can tell
all you want anybody words that you can
now take a plane you know before
airplanes became a thing nobody would
believe you until they get on their
first plane and arrive safely will then
be they be a act and realize and
understand it. So his point being that
if they advertise FSD today, it's not
going to move the needle is what they
believe. What moves the needle is for
them to actually test it out and try it.
And so cyber cabs out there and you're
actually hailing one and you go, "Oh my
god, they exist." But then there's also
another uh stage where if you watch
enough of these videos like we have how
many FSD videos have we seen almost
daily for years only less than 1% of
people have seen this on X the rest are
now watching it on on FSD on on Tik Tok
and slowly slowly slowly like when they
see people beyond the tech people but
just regular people influencers that are
not part of the test Tesla group using
it they just build up their confidence
and they all of a sudden it becomes
normal. Uh yeah, I've seen hundreds of
these. It must be real. So it's just
part of what's going to happen is more
of these coming out there. So they're
doing the advertisements, these guys,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. I think
only that Yeah, absolutely. Only that I
think all of these things don't really
matter. What matters is is robotexi
available. You don't even need to
advertise too much. So you don't think
that that group because I thought you
and CERN were on the other side where I
was saying you need at least if I had to
guess when I was asked the question when
do you think that robo taxi becomes a
real catalyst for the stock I have no
idea my guess would have been you know
10,000 like something that is
meaningfully enough margin 5% of margin
per year and so now you're talking 5,000
10,000 plus cars you guys said well Lee
Cern did right his theory was yeah but
there's a group of people that will
invest prior to that even at that 500
200 sort of small but they're small
&gt;&gt; but I believe is right and I believe
&gt;&gt; it's not about the number it's about are
we on the trajectory now have we
unlocked that thing and right now the
answer is no because if we would have
unlocked it we would grow very rapidly
so rapid growth month over month is all
you need even on a low basis
&gt;&gt; well So what about 10% 10% growth
weekly? That's not enough because the
stock is still flat. Or do you think
that once they show 10% weekly growth
that that will get you that 10% weekly
growth will only get you to
&gt;&gt; if you had let's say 50 cyber caps that
transport passengers
and you go to 10% growth per week, then
the stock will go on a run after four
weeks. They need to see it's keeping the
growth, right? So it goes from 50 55 61
whatever 67 and it's actually cyber caps
&gt;&gt; because these model Y's are confusing
like is no one even understands are they
are they supervisor know who you know
once you have a cyber cap with no
steering wheel and passengers in it it's
just kind of game over everyone else
okay these are robo taxis so I think the
cyber cap is also important for the
stock for visibility because right now
not not even I who's pretty much on top
of it understand exactly what's going on
with model wise it's like
Is it now more or less? And these
numbers, are they cumulative or is it
actually active? And so it's too
complicated. It's hard to understand.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's true. I have a family member
who keeps asking me the question, what
is the difference between a SAR cab and
a robo taxi? And I have to explain it,
but it's like it just shows you that
there it's not it's not yet in the
public knowledge of understanding what
the two the difference are. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So if CyberCap is basically just
um synonymous with because it's so
different and clearly there's no one in
it and it's not a car that you've seen
everywhere anywhere before then people
go that's new that's something that's
happening now right okay I think that's
good so sentiment is changing but
interestingly uh news art news reports
also magazines and publications like
Edmonds so they wrote something and they
tested Model Y L and they loved it the L
isn't just a bigger Model Y. It's a
better one, too. Um, this is motor
trend. The 2027 Tesla Model Y LR drive
was admittedly brief, but it revealed no
real weaknesses. Whether boopping around
town or heading out in a long haul is
the answer, especially with latest
version of full self-driving enabled. We
FSD the YL briefly on the streets near
our office and found it was capable,
intuitive, the system in our Model Y in
which we've logged nearly 7,000 mi. So,
they're a big fan. Yeah. So, very good.
uh reviews coming in now, but it's just
the point being that these are
publications. Do you think that that's a
change that we haven't seen before?
&gt;&gt; No, I think it's just, you know, people
forget a little bit that Tesla as well
as SpaceX, they have very robust core
businesses perfectly run that are
running very well. You know, they're
selling more cars. They have a new model
now. FSD is spreading more and more
subscriptions. So the bottom line for us
as shareholders is more this company's
very healthy. They're going to make more
and more money. Yes, they're increasing
capex, but who cares? That's for a good
cause. But their core business keeps
delivering and will keep expanding and
is now on actually on a growing spree
after 2025.
That's the takeaway here from all of
that. You know, we are in good shape.
It's healthy. They're rolling in cash
that funds the important things. And
when it comes to inflection points of
the stock, it's all about robo taxi and
at some point optimus and there you know
my theory I think cyber cap is very
important and we are waiting for cyber
cap deployments commercially and all
science you know point I know everyone
is totally frustrated right now but uh
objectively I don't see too many reasons
to be frustrated. I think this is just
happening.
&gt;&gt; You know, uh, one of the things I've
been saying for a month or two, it's
almost two months now, and I obviously
been a little bit more correct on this,
that they will not roll out the cyber
cab until uh, they have it tested on
FSD. And that is what Elon did say at
the earnings call that they're still
using that. And I don't expect that
they're going to roll out the cyber cab
as a paid robo taxi ride beyond just
maybe a onesie twoosy kind of like big
event. Oh, very first cyber cap, but
it's just going to be one for a long
time. They they're just doing it for
show until it truly is a a system until
version 15 is uh finished. And the
reason in my mind is that it's so
critical the we just said it today right
just in this call this conversation the
cyber capab is basically the it is robo
taxi it is Tesla's robo taxi that's what
it is it's the brand for so it's got to
roll out perfectly and if there's any
mistake it hits the brand and that will
have long-term massive implications if
somebody goes the cyber cab is unsafe
we're in trouble so they're going to
wait until version 15 where you get
ridiculous safety according to uh Ashok
and then that's the one that they're
going to roll out.
&gt;&gt; But are there rumors they already have
version 15?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but it's but it's like not
complete, right? 40% of the seven data
point that's Yeah. It's not quite yet
there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But even if you're right,
that can also happen in three months.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, I I think it's going to happen
within It's not going to be a year. It
will be within 3 months. Yeah. But I'm
just saying it's not gonna be like
tomorrow. If it is, and [laughter] I'm
wrong there, it is more like a one just
a showoff kind of thing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I uh I lightened up on
Tesla a lot before earnings and now I
now I got in a little bit more again.
So, I'm fading.
&gt;&gt; Can you explain why you did that? Yeah.
I saw I saw you did a video where you
said that you're you're you're
&gt;&gt; mostly because when you look at the
stock behavior, a lot of that was
because of the market. People don't
fully appreciate how bad July was. The
worst month in 30 years
&gt;&gt; for all many tech companies
&gt;&gt; for momentum stocks. Yes. All momentum
stocks. Uh it was worse than the dotcom
bubble, worse than 911, worse than the
great financial crisis on a monthly
basis and significantly worse. It was a
very extreme month. Uh so a lot of
people lost a lot of money or went out
of business. Ask Leopold Ashen. So
people got slaughtered a lot of us three
million Koreans or something. Uh so
&gt;&gt; given that Tesla wasn't in such a bad
shape like Google dropped 7% when Tesla
dropped 14% that after earnings. So I
think it's a little overfitted that this
is a Tesla problem and we had the
discussion on the cyber bulls. I think
Jeff is right. There was a Tesla
problem. It was not the greatest call
but it's not the reason why we are down
here. The market is now recovering. This
was a ridiculously ridiculously overdone
sell-off because I'm also in micron. I
saw the complete madness and that's very
important to have perspective and I
think we this is not sustainable. It's
an anti-bubble,
you know. It's the opposite of a bubble.
Complete fear and panic and oversold
markets. Lowest price to earnings growth
ratios also in like what 20 years.
Crazy.
And so now people realize this was all
ridiculous and we are probably going to,
you know, adapt more to reality. And in
that context,
I'm getting more bullish again on Tesla.
not like blindly bullish tactically, but
I think going to 360 is probably
something that's going to happen short
term, right? So, I'm not bullish on robo
taxi. I don't think this is happening in
August or in September to your point.
So, I'm a little bit in agreement with
you for whether it's version 15 or not,
but I also see that Robotexi is
definitely expanding. And I also stick
to my opinion that this year something
big has to happen otherwise this entire
thing would be mad what they're doing.
And so I'm tactically bullish on Tesla
because it's so
undervalued right now. If it would be at
380, I would be more cautious. But at
320, I think it's a buy. And then if we
get later into the year, there comes the
point where we might see this inflection
thing and then we talking about much
higher share prices.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Oh, there you go. There's all the
nuance that anybody needs to know and
what how your mind is thinking. I think
you're right. That makes sense.
Appreciate that. Uh yeah, following the
sentiment of how people think of it is
important as social arb is an a very
proven you know data point that people
use and this is one that I just wanted
to point out because all of this
happened in the last several days you
know magazines journalists
analysts and then now even you know car
review sites you apparently on Tik Tok
it's just yeah people are just
discovering FSD left right and center so
it's starting to happen beginning. Thank
you so much, Joe. Follow him on his ex
account at what is your ex? Joe Backd.
And then check check out his website at
pioneerlands.org.
Thanks, everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.