Channel:     futureaza
Title:       100+ Tesla Semi Jobs and 100+ EU Megachargers Are Here
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQjnwp-D4eA
Published:   2026-09-16 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-16 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Another thing to keep in mind is that
these fleets and these large companies
as Amazon, they get a fantastic
electricity rate. Not just like a
homeowner, they get discounted rates for
the industrial. And of course, they also
have the ability to buy it in lots. So,
they can buy it from wind farms, they
can buy it from solar farms, they can
store it, they can put solar roofs on
their own installations. all different
ways that they can save money on that
fuel.
&gt;&gt; We've got a whole lot of semi news this
week. What we don't have is a whole lot
of Giga Eye West news. Though there is
some in the mix. Let's get into talking
about all things electric semi because
my gosh is this future exciting. And
that means I've got Mark here from the
Tesla Life and some big news about his
channel as well. Uh we did it guys. We
did it. Uh we'll get into that and so so
much less. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurazza.
Now we just have to figure out what the
less is.
&gt;&gt; So much less. How are we going to take
things away? Wow.
&gt;&gt; We won't talk about your channel. I
don't know. Guys, Mark has a fantastic
channel. It's called the Tesla Life. You
should check it out. If you're new here,
what we do each week is cover the semi
news. What semi-news we have, and there
is always some. And then we answer your
questions from last week. If you had
good questions, if you had strange
questions, if you had bad questions, and
then we get into wrong answers only.
We'll show you something in the video
and ask you what it is, but you only got
to give us the wrong answer. We probably
know the right answer. Uh, why waste
time with that. Let's get started. So,
unfortunately, this week, Mark, we do
not have fresh footage from Zangler. Uh,
unfortunate. But he was fishing for part
of it, and I don't know. I feel like he
is burnt out by not getting his
invitations. I don't blame him. So,
let's cover the factory anyway. Tesla
mass recruits in Nevada for electric
semi-production. Pouch. Tesla's career
website now shows multiple open roles in
manufacturing, engineering, logistics,
quality, and more at the Gigafactory.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, that's uh that's good news.
And that's showing us that the uh the
buildout is happening.
&gt;&gt; 471
full-time jobs. Shares of Tesla rose 15%
this week in anticip you're guessing.
Please please don't guess. Gigafactory
makes electric motors next door and the
energy storage products vehicle power
trains and more and will soon make the
semi as well if you conflate all of the
buildings on the site. Why not do it?
Sure. So, uh I've already got my wrong
answer only here, Mark. Uh what are the
more jobs and more? That could be any
number of things. What are the job
openings that are definitely on this
list and we're not going to fact check
it. Uh so wrong answer only this week. I
would love to know what's going on.
&gt;&gt; Those are the in between jobs, the ones
that normally aren't published.
&gt;&gt; You have to know someone to get some of
these jobs. Uh so yeah. What was your
interview process like? Well, I said my
uncle is the head of uh whatever. Oh,
okay. Great. Well, thanks for coming in.
We'll see you on Monday, I guess. Um,
hey, did you know Tesla to launch
electric semi-truck in Europe in 2027?
&gt;&gt; Exactly. It uh it showed up at a big
European uh trucking conference and um
did you notice the real difference in
the photo? Did you see what the
difference the major physical difference
is between American truck and the one in
Europe?
&gt;&gt; It's shorter.
Is that it?
&gt;&gt; No. What is it?
&gt;&gt; There's no side mirrors.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that is a big one. We do have those
little blades sticking out. Those are
for the cameras. Viewer had pointed out
because we saw the specs of the electric
truck. It's probably in this article if
I scroll down. But the specs look
better. Instead of 1.8 W hours uh
kilowatt hours per mile, it is 1.6.
Part of that could be the reduced
weight. It has a smaller battery. Part
of that could be that it is the new
Atlas design where we're looking at the
old Arcus design for the specs. We will
know on September 24th at the rollout
event what are the factors. But a viewer
said, "Yeah, but it also doesn't have
the mirrors. That's got to be a big
factor." And my first thought is mirrors
are like 2%. But those mirrors are like
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they are real big uh pickle ball
paddles, I guess. Uh solid paddles. I
don't know. ping pong paddles of epic
proportion. And of course, uh because
it's a huge battery, you can gain 60% of
it back in 30 minutes, which is pretty
good. Gross weight of 40 metric tons,
which is, you know, comparable. Uh yeah,
so it is uh happening
&gt;&gt; and of course uh it now starts or now
can um compete with European vehicles
that are electric as well. So unlike the
US where there was less competition, uh
Europe has been uh running electrified
trucks for some time now. So the other
makers are out there and they have
different units available for sale
today.
&gt;&gt; That is correct. And one thing I I
didn't have this in the slides for you,
but uh Tesla to build more than a
hundred mega charger stalls across
Europe for semi. And they've already
begun doing it. Uh it is already
underway. Here's the map. It's
interesting. It looks less like a
population density heat map and more
like the dots between them for the most
part. So that's interesting. Each stall
will support the MCS standard capable of
up to 1.2 megawws. At those power
levels, Tesla says it can recover more
than 60% in 30 minutes. The current
listed maximum speed is 800 kilowatts,
but it doesn't matter because these
stalls can be open for anyone and other
manufacturers can take higher charge
rates. So, yeah, also keep in mind that
uh when Tesla typically rolls out a new
charging system, they underrate it for a
little while. They are they are always
looking to improve it, but they don't
open it wide open throttle at the
beginning.
&gt;&gt; That is correct. And we've seen the same
with the charge curves on the vehicles,
the charge rates on the vehicles.
They'll release the new vehicle, get
hundreds of thousands, millions of miles
of data before slowly uh opening them
floodgates. Now, you mentioned other
companies. Is BYD one of them? So BYYD
is a real player. This one has 372 mi
with an enormous 651 kWh battery. If
you've not been paying attention, that
is not enormous. And it's coming to
Europe soon. You know, BYD's been making
electric semiis for quite some time
outside the US.
&gt;&gt; Yep. A
&gt;&gt; and even in Long Beach where they make
them for uh port uses. So this is this
is an impressive vehicle. It's got the
blade batteries which are better at
taking 100% charge without degradation,
more resistant to fire, and LFPs just
have more cycle life, which is going to
greatly help on vehicles you're hoping
to get a million miles out of. So,
that's pretty good. You know, it's Mark,
I don't know if you know this, but it's
called the ET44, which isn't the
catchiest name. Uh, but you're not
trying to impress your neighbors.
You don't know me.
I think they should come up with a more
catchy name. Really, ET just doesn't
doesn't roll off the tongue,
&gt;&gt; right? We should take our cues from
someone who knows marketing and call it
the BYD semi.
Now, theirs can go from 20 to 80% in 20
minutes, which is, you know, a third
quicker.
And so, you'll get 372 miles of range.
Stop for 20 minutes, you get another 248
miles of range. Stop for the day, charge
overnight, get to 100 again. So, yeah,
10year, 745,000
milei warranty.
&gt;&gt; Wow. They're very serious about this.
&gt;&gt; BYD is a serious competitor and uh they
they are they are getting more serious
by the day.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh this will not just be for
semis. will be available for all sorts
of commercial vehicles like rigid trucks
and yard tractors. It's part of BYD's
commercial ecosystem which again outside
the US they have had this for some time.
Uh BYD is not alone. BYD being the
second largest battery maker in the
world. Who's the largest? It's CL
new electric truck batteries coming for
diesel's biggest advantage. 620 mi of
range and then you can juice it back up
in 25 minutes to 80%. So even more than
the BYD and talk about a beautiful
product.
&gt;&gt; Oh, it looks nice. But of course they're
not telling you the scale of it really,
are they? Because if you put that beside
a threetory building and it's taller.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I I would love to dispute
that, but I do not see a banana in this
picture. You know what? The banana so
small you can't see it.
Okay, regular car buyers might care
about how cool a vehicle's panoramic
glass looks or how good its audio system
is, but that folks buying commercial
trucks are laser focused on a few
basics. How much crap can it haul? How
long can it stay on the road without
downtime? And how much it costs to run?
These are extremely efficient. The big
lesson here from Tesla, from BYD, from
CL is you must build an electric truck
on purpose.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; When you're doing nothing but
compromise, you're going to get a
compromised product.
So, yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Built from the ground up will give
you the advantages that uh are not
present when you just convert a diesel
truck.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The company says it battery is
engineered to retain 70% of its capacity
for at least 12 years and 930,000
miles.
&gt;&gt; Wow. 1.5 million kilometers for uh
that's that's a hefty amount.
&gt;&gt; It is. I would argue 30% battery
degradation or range loss is uh going to
mean that you're going to need to juggle
these around to potentially different
routes. But if you have a problem with
that, sell it to someone else so they
get the remaining 500,000
miles out of it. Uh, but all possible.
And of course, the native player in the
market, Amazon to receive more than 50
Mercedes-Benz Eatro 600 electric trucks
in Germany. Now, again, we can't really
assess these on their beauty because
these pugs have trouble breathing. Uh,
first vehicles from their largest ever
order of electric trucks are now on the
road. Set a milestone for ongoing
decarbonization and electrification of
Amazon's transportation network. Do you
think that's the reason?
&gt;&gt; Do I think that's the reason that they
bought them?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; No, I think uh I I do definitely do not
think that's the reason. They're looking
to save money and they're looking uh to
their fleet operations to do that. And
uh they'll try a number of different uh
vehicles to fill that role.
&gt;&gt; That's right. It's all about squeezing a
couple more pennies and this is a very
easy way to do it. Diesel is at sky high
prices right now, but it could come down
and it could come down significantly,
but it can go right back up. There are a
lot of geopolitical factors that impact
the cost of diesel and electricity.
People go, "Oh, yeah, but my electricity
went up. Did it triple?" No. Okay. So,
probably not that bad. More like double,
but yeah, even if uh diesel prices go
back down, these still remain
cost-effective. And every mile driven,
while these prices are as high as they
are, I had to look it up. I looked up I
was like, "Well, what is a gallon of gas
running these days?" I used to always
pay like 3350
and I checked on gasbuddy.com
last night and found it was 658 in my
town. Holy, that's that's double.
&gt;&gt; Another thing to keep in mind is that
these fleets and these large companies
as Amazon, they get a fantastic
electricity rate. Not just like a
homeowner, they get discounted rates for
the industrial and of course they also
have the ability to buy it in lots. So
they can buy it from wooden farms, they
can buy it from solar farms, they can
store it, they can put solar roofs on
their own installations.
All different ways that they can save
money on that fuel.
&gt;&gt; All true. So remember guys, your wrong
answer only is what are those other
jobs? We're going to get into last
week's questions. Uh, I would say that
you should subscribe to both of us.
That's something you can do. Uh, hope
&gt;&gt; I didn't know I had a baseball card.
&gt;&gt; And it's the fancy like uh laser paper,
too. So, that's holographic.
So, congratulations, by the way, on
being picked up. Uh, you can also
support the channel with uh dollars.
Those are cool. No pressure. But what
are you doing? Hey, we're going to
answer last week's questions.
That'll have to do. Uh, so yeah, this is
the part where we do that. You can also
like the video. I I didn't. I mean, I
liked it, but I didn't click the like. I
should have. Maybe. Maybe. Is that
against the law? I don't know.
&gt;&gt; I think it's bad etiquette.
&gt;&gt; What the heck is this at 706? I'm
thinking it might be some sort of water
catchment. By the way, what they're
talking about is this bit of land. Um,
and he's and Taiwan John is saying, "I
think it might be water catchment and
uh, you know, big impounding pond for
water perhaps." And it is not. Do you
know what it is?
&gt;&gt; I still don't know what it is, but it's
definitely not a water catchment.
&gt;&gt; It's hard to tell from the picture. I'll
show it again, but it is not an indent.
It is an elevated plane. It water would
just roll off it. Not always clear from
the pictures. Uh but uh the first thing
to note is that you do not own the
water.
&gt;&gt; So anything you do that touches the
water has to be addressed because it's
not your water. Uh but Zangler was able
to catch the same rumor I was. I do not
know who who his little bird might be.
And I don't think he knows my little
bird. I don't think it's the same one.
Anyway, the this area is going to be the
end of line parking lot for the eventual
50,000 per year semis being delivered.
So there you go.
&gt;&gt; There we go. So it's going to be a
parking lot for outbound completed
vehicles.
&gt;&gt; That's right. That is the understanding,
the best understanding uh from what
might be two sources, but I don't know
that you're going to see some of the
worst possible growing pains for
electric trucks. Diesel generators will
have to be put in on a massive scale to
be able to charge these vehicles at a
megawatt each. Really doesn't matter
what the truck is capable of when you
have an anemic charging infrastructure
where there are already massive
electricity shortages just from EV cars,
let alone data centers. Man, Jeff is
really uh really laying it on thick.
&gt;&gt; Really laying it on thick. I'm sad that
I cut off the bottom of this because I
did not give him a heart or a thumbs up.
This is a bad comment. First of all,
they're not going to be installing
diesel generators. Ma, there's already
massive electricity shortages. My lights
ain't going out. So there's not uh
there's time of use capacity and having
more things that require energy while
the rest of us are sleeping and industry
is largely closed actually makes it
easier to provide energy. I do not know
where Jeffa gets his information. Um
whether it's uh I mean it sounds like a
butt fact because all of this sounds
like he pulled it straight out of his
ass. But I would say that it's very
possible that he just got bad
information from somewhere else. He may
not be the creator of the manure, but he
may just be the purveyor of it.
&gt;&gt; He's a spreader.
&gt;&gt; He's a spreader. Have they delivered any
semis to customers yet? And if not, why
not? This is worrying,
&gt;&gt; Chris. I don't think it should keep you
up at night. Um, this is something that
again, we've seen the slow amount of
vehicles that have been leaving the
plant over the past couple months. We
know that they've been ramping up. We
know that there's been uh uh testing of
the vehicles on site. They bringing them
back into the shop to make changes or to
read logs off the computer. They're just
getting things lined up. This is going
to go really well. Uh this is not this
is not a halfbaked product. They've had
it in tests with many different clients
already. I wouldn't be too concerned
about vehicles not being uh you know
celebrated by many different companies
at this point.
&gt;&gt; And they have been delivered. We've seen
them being delivered. The new model
hasn't. We know the event is on the
24th. That's going to be what 9 days
from this date I believe. 8 days 8 days
from the date of publication. Uh, so it
shouldn't worry you. Rest assured, this
one also didn't get a like or a heart
because I went ahead and replied
thinking that facts would be relevant.
And I assure you, the comments just keep
going down trying to convince me that
the end is near.
&gt;&gt; Oh my.
&gt;&gt; Did anyone notice the cyber cab in the
parking lot?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Does this help?
&gt;&gt; Is it that yellow truck? Is it the
disguised cyber cab that we saw? That's
what I thought he was going for, but no,
it's this.
&gt;&gt; Oh, look at that. Squeezed in there.
&gt;&gt; I'll be darned.
&gt;&gt; I'll be darned. Good catch. Oh, that was
I was like, "No way. No way. No way. Did
we all watch the same video and not see
it?" We weren't looking. But even
looking, this blurry resolution you see
here is from the 4K shot. So, it's
pretty small in the grand scheme of
things. Hey, with the background noise
when you're talking, are you a dancing
bear or teacher elevating society? So,
it's possible that my noise cancellation
plus my fan was playing games. Nothing
to worry about. So, this one, Mark,
what's
&gt;&gt; I was I was really hoping for the
dancing bear.
&gt;&gt; I was hoping we were, too. Okay, let's
do it. I'll do it. Let's get him his 10
subscribers. What's this about?
&gt;&gt; Ah, yes. Brian said, "Uh, why don't
everyone go to the Tesla life and uh
subscribe because Mark's so close to
10K." Well, Mark got to 10K quite
quickly after that video went live and
uh I appreciate you people helping us
out and getting us over the 10K mark.
Thank you so much.
&gt;&gt; That was cool. Uh and Mark of course
wrote to me. He's like, "Thank you." I'm
like, "I should have done it sooner.
Apologies." I mean, I do tell them to
subscribe every week, but uh they don't
listen. I promise you. So, that was
great. I came here expecting a surprise
massive semi cuz the title was massive
semi. Three lanes wide, sleeps a dozen,
can haul a battleship. Very disappoint.
Much sad.
&gt;&gt; Never seen a semi haul a battleship. But
I I'm in for that. I'd like to see that,
too.
&gt;&gt; It's not practical. That's why you won't
see it. But it can haul three trailers.
It took some tweaking the prompts. The
first one it gave me.
&gt;&gt; And turning is a in this thing.
&gt;&gt; Turning is you want you're going to want
to go straight. I like how it erases the
center divider. Uh that's how big it is.
Uh no, I I put in, you know, make it
three times wider perhaps hauling three
trailers. And I hit submit and it was
like, oh. And I'm like, it's going to do
them in in in length, isn't it? And it
said, okay, making one with trailers
three a breast. I'm like, perfect. No.
Gave me a normal semi with three
trailers behind it. I'm like, come on,
man. And this boy, you really just
stretched it, huh? That's fine. That's
fine. You know, I uh sometimes your
speculation can be a bit trying, as can
your demands for recognition. I say that
I also appreciate your analysis from
France. Best regards to everyone. I
imagine this is in regards to us saying
be cool if we could see the factory. And
I stand by that because uh I got to see
the Cyber Truck years after it was
debuted after thousands and thousands of
people had seen it and I still found
seven things that no one else had
addressed. That's important. Wouldn't it
be great if I could have gotten those to
you four years earlier? M
&gt;&gt; uh but the people they invite were not
people with any sort of understanding of
manufacturing. The information was not
available. When I saw the wiring harness
at the shareholder meeting last year, I
said, "Well, there you go. It's going to
have Starlink and it's going to have uh
break by wire because it is. I mean,
look at the wiring harness. Why would
you put that gauge of wire to all four
wheels?"
I think they are concerned that if I see
the factory, I will have a lot of
information. But what I would also have
is a non-disclosure agreement. So, just
thinking out loud.
&gt;&gt; Someone Someone's got to send Brian an
invite. Somebody does. If you're
connected out there, send the note to
that connection and get them to add
Brian to the list, please. We need this
information.
&gt;&gt; And Zangler, get Zangler in there
because this is ridiculous.
Ah, of course Zangler will be invited.
Okay. Uh, reposting as I have arranged
my flight back home to be able to attend
should I get a lastminute invite. This
is the real test of the power of
manifesting. The invites have gone out
and Zangler did not get one. So I I
don't know why Mr. Mobile has a theory.
Uh, it's that Dan is just being a a
meanie going back to 24. We don't know
who. probably Dan reported him for
criminal trespass for his drone flights.
Zangler was flying in the legal range
between 250 and 400 and continued
flying. Uh so anyway, grow up and don't
hold ill will. I don't know, dude. I
don't know. So, um do you know what? Do
you know what that means, Mark? Means
it's time for wrong answers only. Last
week we asked you this
&gt;&gt; shape, what does it mean? It must mean
And by the way, look at this picture.
You can just at the edge see the nose of
the cyber cap. That's how close we were
to having it in frame.
Yeah, it's fine. Uh, did you have any
guesses? I mean, surely
&gt;&gt; I am really perplexed, but as a wrong
answer only, I definitely think it's a
uh it's a peace sign that's gone arai.
&gt;&gt; Well, we do have that coming up. Uh,
it's the symbol of a three-pronged hot
dog roasting stick. Look at this
building. It's cooking a semi.
I like it. Uh, no, no, no. It's the W
from iOS. Other letters will be added
later. It also looks like an alien arm
and hand. Could it be the Hunger Games
salute? And if so, why?
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Why?
&gt;&gt; Why? I think is the correct question on
that one. Um, no, no, no, no. It's the
wicked witch of the West was here in
Petroglyph.
&gt;&gt; Ah, okay. Right. Didn't even think of
that one, but uh that's definitely a a
wrong answer only.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. No, it's the secret underground
Nepali coffee shop. They won't let Brian
in though. It constitutes a conflict of
interest
because you know
sure
&gt;&gt; because because sure
&gt;&gt; yeah I mean it makes more sense than any
answer they've given me which is no
answer. No answers only is the comm
strategy. It's the uh Nazca line and
those Tesla bastards built over the rest
of the drawing. Do you know what those
are?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the Nazca lines are on a plateau
in Is it New Mexico? The state?
&gt;&gt; I don't think it's in the US. I think
it's farther south.
&gt;&gt; It's in farther south.
&gt;&gt; I think I'm pretty sure. Uh yeah. When
new job seekers arrive at the factory,
they're blindfolded, led into the center
area, spun around a few times,
blindfolds removed. Whoever finds their
way into the factory gets the job. Wow.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; Recruiting Mark, it's gotten it's gotten
tougher to find people with really good
inner ear clarity.
&gt;&gt; Thanks for your joyous and cheerful
presentations of what could be a bit dry
for us. You're welcome. Uh but this is
the wrong answer. It's uh of course it's
alien code for the meaning of life, the
universe, and everything which as we all
know is 42.
&gt;&gt; 42.
&gt;&gt; I study ancient Sanskrit from the Scand
Piranha. And of course, verse 42
explains an overall summary of that, of
the life, the meaning of everything, and
your pavement just confirms it. Uh Mhm.
I don't know enough to dispute that.
That might be the right answer.
At 11 minutes and 11 seconds, it's a gas
pump. Now, I put this in with the wrong
answers only because I'm like, uh, what?
A gas pump. The arm.
&gt;&gt; Yes, the
&gt;&gt; the parking arm,
&gt;&gt; right? Yeah. A gas pump would definitely
be a wrong answer only at the Tesla
semiactory.
&gt;&gt; Two of them on the test track. I assume
this uh there just isn't any drone
footage of the opposite side of the
building where the mirror image of this
sculpture is. They're going to make an
image of a vintage robot out of solar
panels visible from space and it's just
this
&gt;&gt; just one arm sticking out. Yeah. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. No, it's a fabled fork in
the road.
&gt;&gt; That could be it too. Yeah. That could
be
&gt;&gt; because there is a literal fork in the
road in Nevada. Um this this is the
&gt;&gt; I know there's one in Texas.
&gt;&gt; A flat one.
&gt;&gt; I know there's one in Texas. Okay. Yeah.
I thought it was Nevada. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Uh to you, you're just like south of the
border.
&gt;&gt; Uh it's a fork in the road between
autonomous and non-aututonomous. It will
start from a mural on the wall that
looks like a cartoon Roadrunner tunnel.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Yep.
uh prototype Tesla semiflux capacitor
will be able to deliver cargo yesterday.
&gt;&gt; That's a great motto of being able to
deliver before you wanted it delivered.
That's fantastic.
&gt;&gt; My my thing is I've never told any of my
previous bosses about the time travel
thing cuz I just know they'll be like,
"Hey, we need you showing up for your
shift before you leave from your shift."
It's like I can't I can't do it, guys. I
need to have a life. Uh, preferably in
Victorian times. I can do that, too.
It's a sign of hope and unification.
Four becomes three.
&gt;&gt; Four becomes three.
&gt;&gt; I don't know.
&gt;&gt; How does that work? Four becomes three.
Is it because there's a tail on it? So,
three above, one below is four.
&gt;&gt; Maybe. Maybe these I'm sufficiently
confused.
Uh, wrong answer only. The striped array
is an Atari inspired Scorpion logo.
&gt;&gt; I I can see the Atari. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Grock had a little misunderstanding of
where the pavement is and isn't. But
that's okay. I was like,
&gt;&gt; "Oh, well,
&gt;&gt; one shot on this one.
&gt;&gt; People will get this." Yes,
&gt;&gt; it's fine. Works. I blueprint was read
using a mirror rework coming in to fix
the concrete. Boy, I tell you, in Texas,
they did so much concrete rework, like
more rework than most factories do work.
Uh, it was endless. Didn't see much of
that in Berlin. Maybe one or two
patches. Like, man, if you can't
recognize a peace sign, man, I don't
know what kind of weed you're token.
This thing looks like that dude has been
sparking up some doobies all morning.
Thank you, Charles.
That fits right in with your red
picture, too.
&gt;&gt; It's the triad of manufacturing,
engineering, and finance coming together
and marching hand in hand into a large
blank wall.
&gt;&gt; That's Yeah, the wall thing. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Now, it's a big red uh robot getting
ready to finger a large bowling ball.
You know, it wasn't mandatory for me to
say it that way.
I don't.
&gt;&gt; But yet, you did.
&gt;&gt; But I did. I don't trust this guy.
You claim that you read the comments,
but I find it hard to believe that you
actually know how to read P.
I can read good, Joe. Come on.
I had to include that one. It's a
chicken breast.
&gt;&gt; Excellent. Excellent assumption.
&gt;&gt; Uh large chicken footprint. I mean, it's
a chicken foot for connoisseurs of fine
southern food.
&gt;&gt; I see a pattern.
&gt;&gt; It's where the Roadrunner stops and wy
coyote hits the wall.
&gt;&gt; Ah, yes. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Obviously, the footprint of a giant road
runner. Just wait till WY turns up.
Guys, what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it. Leave it.
Follow Mark. Would you follow?
Subscribe. It's easy and free. It's
complimentary. Everyone else, uh, like,
subscribe. Do what you do. Stay tuned.
Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to hear
from you clever robots with your wrong
answers next week.