Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Elon Musk Is Thinking Bigger Than You Realize
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wW7qFf61Lp8
Published:   2026-05-05 13:31 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-05 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Just when you think you know how high
Elon Musk is shooting for, you're still
way too low. Elon just said it's all or
nothing for him. Either his net worth
will likely hit $10 trillion or it will
all be a bust. Most of everything Elon
has attempted were once thought
impossible. 12 years ago, back in 2014,
Elon announced SpaceX was in the early
stages of developing advanced micro
satellites operating in large
formations. Everyone said there was no
chance that it would work. That of
course was the beginning of Starlink.
Today most experts are saying no chance
that data centers in space will work.
But a few days ago, Sundar Pichai,
Google CEO just said space AI will be
the new normal within a decade. TA AI
executive Yan Tatasai explained that
it's widely misunderstood that Elon is
crazy for running so many companies. He
said the quickest way to understand a
problem is to scale it. This comes as
Elon just said, "It's impossible to
become a multilanet civilization without
reusable rockets, just as it would have
been impossible to colonize America
without reusable boats." Elon again
said, "We will indeed live on Mars
someday." We'll go through the latest
SpaceX data points that will make this
possible. So, is Elon too ambitious?
Will he fail? And what's the chance he
becomes the first 10 trillionaire? We
got Jeff Lutz here with us today. He's a
multi-deade supply chain executive and
chief quality officer. He's now CEO of
his own high-tech manufacturing
consulting firm. Jeff, you going to
become a trillionaire?
&gt;&gt; I just noticed my glasses are uh
reflecting a lot. Take them off. Um no,
I think I think people are I think so
Elon trolls a bit. I know he's trolled
uh some of Congress that said, you know,
how many billions he and he said, no,
it's going to be trillions. And uh so I
think there's a bit of trolling in
there, but I actually think he's more
milestone and goalbased. He's not if he
wanted all to accumulate all this money
to buy an island or to buy a country, he
would have bought an island or bought a
country or bought a yacht. He's not
doing that. And he's milestone and goal
driven. And he really wants that
multilanetary civilization. And if you
look at his SpaceX goals and what he's
what you know what's tied to his
payment, it's it's outrage. I mean, it's
a a million person colony or something
on Mars. Now, none of this is finalized,
but I mean, these are some of the things
that are that are out there. So, again,
I I think the 10 I think people are
confused like they think he wants to
like pile this $10 trillion in cash and
like have it like like in a house where
it's not what he's that's not what he's
trying to do.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It started because Peter Demandis
made this post. Elon Musk just crossed
$800 billion, his net worth, roughly
2.7% of the entire US GDP. The last
person to hold that much of the American
economy, John D. Rockefeller, 1913. It
took a century for anyone to match him.
Rockefeller had oil. Musk has the
future. He pointed it out as the future.
Elon, like you said, just joking around.
10 trillion or bust. So the point being
that I'm shooting for such huge, you
know, goals, as you said, milestones,
and if it happens, it'll be 10 trillion.
It's nowhere in between. But if it
doesn't, he'll lose all his money
because he's not
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I say I do think he believes in
his own ability to allocate capital
better than, you know, anybody. So I
think there is a bit of bravado and is I
can do this better. It's better for me
to have these assets because I will
allocate it more effectively. I'll do
better job than Congress. I'll do a
better job than which isn't hard. Um,
and if you look if you look at the track
record, we would not have mainstream
EVs. We would not have he has 90% of the
payload going to space. And sure enough,
I mean, I was listening to somebody this
weekend that says, well, he basically
owns space. Like this, like it's almost
like he has this monopoly on space. He
earned it. Like other people can make
rocket companies and put a lot more
payload into space. and he's actually
advocating for that
&gt;&gt; and he wants to see that.
&gt;&gt; But it's it's interesting the same thing
with self-driving we we've talked about
before as soon as it becomes mainstream
they're going to say well you know then
it's a it's a problem because it's only
Tesla and it's just going to go from one
extreme to the other. So I think he's
well equipped to deal with it. And again
I think the 10 trillion is more
milestone based. If if he's at 10
trillion then we're doing a lot of good
things with autonomy. We're doing a lot
of good things with humanoid robots and
AI and we're doing a lot of good things
in terms of becoming multilanetary.
&gt;&gt; Everything's impossible. It's not going
to happen. And then it becomes, oh, it's
only one or two cars out there. Who
cares? And then it's like, oh, it's
unfair. Why is he doing it? Why does he
control everything?
Well,
yeah. Plan for it. So, this is fun. In
November 11th, 2014, that's like 12
years ago. Yeah, 12 years ago, Elon
announced SpaceX is still in the early
stages of developing advanced micro
satellites operating in large
formations. Announcement in two or three
months. And then that uh no way that
will work.
Omar joking around. No way that will
work because that's what everybody said.
And then Elon replied to him or this is
what he said back then, but Elon replied
to him. This is just yesterday. No
chance. Crazy idea. Joking around. Yeah,
it's a decade in advance of Starlink.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; this was before Starlink even had a name
when he gave out this thing. And of
course, now Starlink is 10,000
satellites. They have like uh they're
just growing like crazy and they're
providing services to everybody.
Um and the same thing is being said now
about data centers in space. No way it
can work. Sandar Pichai though, it's
Google CEO, he just said this in a
recent interview. it that data centers
in space will be the new normal within a
decade. Elon has been saying this for
years, says Peter. When the CEO of
Google starts agreeing with Elon, pay
attention. The orbital compute area is
closer than you think. And Elon said
true. So there's people just don't
believe this is even possible until it
uh until he makes it happen. You know,
there's there's two other companies that
think at the scale of and have
demonstrated this and that's been Amazon
and what they've done with
uh distribution and and product and now
what they what they started with with uh
cloud they were you know way out in
front of this and the other company is
Google you know Google has this X
division I don't know how much of it's
still running but this you know they
have these other bets and They were
doing things like
trying to do an an elevator, you know,
into space and things like that. They
were just, you know, this wing pro all
these really far out projects because
all it takes is for one of these things
to hit and it could be
worldchanging, life-changing for so
many. So Google, so it's not surprised
that Sundar is coming out and he's
speaking of this. He's, you know, known
to have looked into the future. the
chairman of their board and and and you
know obviously the founders Larry Page
and and Sergey Bran they have a history
of doing this. So it's not surprising
Amazon would be the other one. These are
companies that they they think their
their leadership they think in decades.
They don't think in you know what's this
quarter and next quarter. I mean they
have to in terms of these quarterly
calls. And that's why part of the reason
Elon is so disinterested in this 90-day
hamster wheel. He's way way way more
interested. And of course, that
dominates what gets talked about in
fintech and on TV and everywhere else
and all the news articles and print.
It's like how many cars were sold this
month? He is way more interested in
thinking, you know, over the next 10
years, what does the world look like?
Just rewind back 10 years ago. You know,
what was Tesla doing? building out
supercharging, ramping up their uh their
the design on their first mainstream car
which would have you know a high volume
car which would have been the Model 3
and he's been projecting what the future
would look like. So I I think he may not
get all these and he never typically
gets everything that he's set out to do
but if he gets he does get a large
percentage of it to market. and he was
also talking about full self-driving
failing failing failing failing 10 years
later and now we're here and it's
starting to happen should mention that
Google owns a significant um share of
SpaceX I think 10% or something like
that 8%
&gt;&gt; like 7% yeah it's a big number
&gt;&gt; I mean it's huge so they he might just
be saying that because he owns a big of
SpaceX but I think that he I don't think
so I think you know they also are the
race is now on space. It just makes so
much sense. So, uh I wanted to point
this out. Yan Tasai is a one of the top
Tesla executives in charge of AI. He
pointed out why how why Elon's running
so many companies. He said the quickest
way to understand a problem is to scale
it. It improves your sampling, bringing
it closer to the two distribution P
versus your assumption Q. The next
iteration is to get Q as close as
possible to P. So, you have an
assumption, but you you don't know where
it's going to go because it's could be
any outcome. minimize kale dis I don't
know what he's talking about here rinse
and repeat people are often limited but
limited by the number of samples they
can gather to gain understanding in
their lifetime it is widely
misunderstood that Elon's crazy for
running so many companies in fact he's
rolling out as many trajectories as
possible in a given unit of time and
performing group policy optimizations
the king of reinforcement learning and I
he's basically saying you have to have
many shots in gold because you don't
know which one's going to work uh but
you got to try because You have to
scale, go as big as possible, go as wide
as possible to try to hit your goal. Do
do you understand what he's trying to
say? And do you think makes sense?
&gt;&gt; I do. I mean, even if these things don't
work, the they may work eventually and
they may be directionally correct like
Neurolink, for example,
&gt;&gt; will neurolink scale? Will we will we
have these humans that are, you know,
cybernetic? Will we solve all these
disabilities? It may work, but even if
it doesn't, it's the right trajectory.
It's the right shot to be taking on
goal. And maybe somebody else would pick
it up and say, "Hey, we learned from
what Neurolink started." But I don't
think that's the case with Elon. I think
if he starts something, he's going to
take it to mass volume. And that's
actually if you look at Neurolink and if
you look at how that robot is, that
robot is designed for mass volume.
They're talking about the same things.
They're talking about uh total time in
the operating room. They're talking
about complexity. They're talking about
the same kind of things they do with
making cars. So the he I agree with the
statement by the way. I think he takes a
lot of shots on gold, but he's also
points them in the trajectory of is this
a meaningful thing? Is this a
worldchanging thing if it happens? If it
does, great. If I'm not successful, then
I would have I would have blown some
money, but it's the right thing to do.
And if you trace it all the way back to
after PayPal and then taking half of his
money roughly into SpaceX to to
transform spaceflight, private space
flight, and then half of his money into
Tesla to to electrify
auto. I mean it looks like he has an
inordinate ability ability just way
above others to take the not only take
these on and have the mental fortitude
to take them on and run them
concurrently
but to get them to scale and the getting
the scale thing is a very very difficult
thing to do and you will see things at
scale that you never saw at low volumes
and low rates.
&gt;&gt; Jeeoff can you explain human or robots
as the example? Okay, let's walk us walk
me through this because Okay, so Boston
Dynamics was the only one really working
on human or robots. They did it really
early on. Of course, there's even the
Honda guy, right? The Honda that was
doing it, but 20 years ago and I was
already walking, but of course it wasn't
really. Boston Dynamics, massive thing,
pneumatic, you could never really put in
front of near your other humans because
it will kill it and it was all
programmatic and all that. Elon finally
says Tesla's going to make its own human
a robot. And then they create version
one, version two, version three. But
when they go with scales, which is what
they're doing now, they're building
massive factories, right? Million per
year in Fremont and 10 million per year.
But isn't that huge risk? Because if
this doesn't turn out to be truly
useful, if it doesn't sell as big of a
TAM because if you're going to go 10
million, you better have a massive TAM
uh market demand for it. You're setting
yourself up for massive failure. Can you
explain like how you see him doing like
so one thing is let's go for scale in
order to truly unearth the problem but
the other thing is you're putting a huge
risk out there going that route.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well um it is different now. If
this were 2020 I think the the Optimus
project could could could sink Tesla to
be honest with you if it didn't if it
didn't work if the investments were the
R&amp;D investments and the capital
investments and everything. But the way
Tesla approaches these things, they're
very good with capital. And I believe at
the time that Optimus is really scaling.
The autonomy business is going to be
throwing off so much cash that the the
risk level is going to be pretty small.
And even if they even if it wasn't, if
you if you treated it like another
automobile program, a much more complex
one, the COGS and the the amount of
inventory you're bringing in, it's not
much greater than that. Um, it's
actually less will be less at scale than
per unit than than the capital and risk
of an automobile. They take a lot of
risk, by the way, with Model Y. every
week they're bringing in billions and
billions of inventory and then they've
got to move it. So, anything that would
get in the way of that, a quality issue,
some sort of issue in the market like
the political things that were happening
a year ago, that is actually a much
bigger risk to Tesla because there's
nothing that Tesla brings in more
material and more capital risk per week
than the Model Y. So I I think the risk
that they're taking with humanoid is
going to be drowned out by autonomy,
their energy business, everything else.
If it doesn't work, they'll minimize the
capex outlay and they'll go slower and
they'll figure out what they have to to
do to make it in the scale. But I think
I think this will eventually work out.
It's the the only question is the
timetable, but I think it will work out
because there's no other company that
actually has the assets under one roof
or one CEO that Elon has. He has
everything. He has the proven ability to
scale and the manufacturing capacity. He
has the vertical integration. He has the
engineering assets. Those things are
very, very difficult to acquire. And
let's say another company that's making
humanoid robots has hardware, good
hardware engineers and they've built a
factory. Okay, let's just say that
they've done that. Then you have to have
the autonomy piece. You have to have the
AI element of it. And then or are you
making your own chip or not? If you're
making your own chip and you vertically
integrated there, well then you're not
going to be paying 70% gross margin to
to Jensen. So, there's a lot of things
that have to be true for the humanoid
bot programs from all these companies to
work. That's why when Jensen comes on
stage with 10 of them, I I've said this
over and over. I think 80 or 90% of
those things either never get to market
or they're never a business success at
all. They're not even a business. And
that that means only one or two actually
uh make it into something. So, yeah. So
you want to keep your capital outlay and
your labor risk low in the beginning,
but I don't think Tesla's taking any
outsized risk. Even if they build these
this facility and build this line out,
it's not enterprise risk in terms of the
capital outlay.
&gt;&gt; But if they put a 10 million worth of
capex in a factory and for some reason
this thing doesn't
&gt;&gt; they they would know they would never
put the 10 million then see was this
going to work or not. would stair step
that capacity in over time and and the
market acceptance of the product.
&gt;&gt; You you said something that's very
interesting. I curious. I don't know
even know where I stand on this cuz I
think it changed over time. So let's say
human or human or robot business is so
massive. It's the biggest there is 44.
It's going to replace 44 trillion worth
of labor. There's no larger market than
that. Uh so then the logic would be that
there could be many many successful
businesses and they will all find a
niche and then they will succeed. You
think but there are some businesses that
require like only handful of companies
that have outsiz scale like like you
just you just listed through all of them
right mass manufacturing mass autonomy.
So you have to have supercomputers, you
have to have the chips, you have to have
the batteries, you have to go big and
only a handful of companies can really
get through that level and then they
will win and all the others will be tiny
little or do you think that there could
be a thousand human or robot companies
that succeed small but they still
succeed or do you think it really will
boil down to top five, top 10?
&gt;&gt; No, I don't think there will be that
many that succeed. The issue is um the
analyst and the media and they and how
they
&gt;&gt; they um anoint success or not. Right
now, if you listen to the analysts in
the media, you would think that there's
there's 10 Chinese car companies that
are taking over the world. And that's
just not the case. They don't have the
business model. They're they're not
profitable. That's just not the case.
There's not even there's there may be
only one that's one or two but but 80 of
them started you know in China trying to
make EVs 80 or or 100 of them started.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So you may have something like that with
humanoid happening but if analysts truly
dig in the media truly dig in say is
there business here can they actually do
this? Is this profitable or is this
gimmicky? if they can really separate
and discern that, I think there's only
going to be a couple of companies that
can actually do this and do it well. Uh
just remember though, China is not that
far behind on the model side of AI, not
the physical side, but on the language
model uh side of it. They're they're
probably within six 3 to 6 months of
some of the leading models in the US. I
know this is arguable. there'll be a lot
of people that debate this, but there's
a lot of data that says they are. So,
uh, just keep that in mind that it we
don't have this kind of lead that we
thought, but I think on the physical AI
piece, I think the lead is a bit more
considerable.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. The the argument I have is
that electric vehicles is I got
completely agree with you. Margins are
tiny and uh they it's very hard to be
profitable. It's one use case which is
transportation from point A to point B.
A human a robot has unlimited use cases
and the margins are massive more than
just uh you know in a vehicle being sold
to some consumer whether it's business
or consumer humanoid huge margins. So I
think that there's more chance for uh
companies to succeed and still survive
and and and be profitable than it is in
the EV market.
&gt;&gt; There's a huge paradox that's happening
with humanoid Herbert. So if you think
about China, the labor arbitrage to
automate versus the labor rate to pay a
human being, that gap is going to
actually be much wider. See, if you took
a fully functioning humanoid and you
said replace the $55 an hour union labor
in the US, you're going to have a pretty
big business case success right away. in
China at at somewhere between three and
a half and $5 an hour, you have a much
longer curve to climb and you may not
actually get there in terms of the
economics. It'll be interesting to see.
So, there is a bit of a paradox here the
supply base, linear actuators, planetary
rollers. I mean, it's in I would I would
say there's a pretty decent supply base
in the Nordic countries, although very
low volume. China has the rest of it
right now. And then this is where the US
really has to get their chops and get
together and develop that out. But to
say that China is going to run away with
humanoid, I don't know about that. First
off, they don't want to displace all
these people from a labor perspective as
well. And the gap is just not as wide
there. Humanoids would be much much much
more useful in Western Europe in the US
than they would actually be in China.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah, go big or go home is still the
game, I think. And so here's uh let's
talk Starship. John from Tesla owner of
Silicon Valley. Everyone obsesses over
Starship's height and thrust. The number
that actually matters is cost per
kilogram to orbit cost. It's always
cost. Uh that's what scale gets you.
That's what um vertical integration gets
you. And that's why Elon and his
companies, they do this scale. Falcon 9
brought it from 54,500 in the shuttle
area era to $1,500.
Starship targets $100. That's a crazy
reduction in cost per kilogram to orbit.
A 500 times reduction in 25 years.
That's the curve that will enable Mars
lunar bases and orbital industry.
Everything else is a consequence of that
one number. And Elon said this to that
post. Any technology invention can be
assessed in terms of how it improves
fundamental metrics. It is impossible to
become a multilanet civilization without
reusable rockets just as it would have
been impossible to colonize America with
expendable boats.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I the the the math and the
approach to scale. I mean that's an
order of magnitude improvement uh from
the last two rocket programs. That's how
he approaches it. Or he doesn't take on
the category. He doesn't take on the
challenge. That's why humanoid robots
are going to be such a big deal. And I
want to be clear. It's not like
humanoids are not going to be useful in
China. They're going to be very useful
in China, but they have a much longer
curve that they have to go before it
becomes profitable
uh for them. And I think they're going
to struggle. Um, but between between
between between where we are today and
getting to that point, I think they're
actually going to have more robots doing
more useful work sooner, but it's going
to take them a while for this order of
magnitude type business cases to play
out for them relative to this rocket
program, for example, and what Elon's
trying to do. So, and what he has done.
So, that's how he approaches all these
different businesses. That's why there's
so much capital flooding towards this
SpaceX IPO or anything he puts, you
know, even XAI and that that he attracts
a lot of capital very quickly.
&gt;&gt; He's forced to go scale. That's the only
way to make this happen, go big. Um,
he's still thinking about going to Mars.
Of course, people will live here. Even
Steve Mark Ryan, this is Mars. And, uh,
Elon said, "Yes, that is going to
happen.
&gt;&gt; We'll see." Um and then ARC funds
published this which is SpaceX by the
numbers. Let's go through this eight
data points that frame the most
anticipated public debut of the decade
and what ARC sees on the other side. So
it still is uh the target the rumor is
it's 1.75 trillion. They are already
doing the road show. So this is more
likely to be true that this is the
number IPO target valuation SpaceX
market cap was 1.75 trillion. They are
going to raise $75 billion because there
was rumor it's going to be hundred
billion. There's rumor there's two
trillion. It's 75 billion. There's 10
million Starlink subscriptions right
now. Uh the cadence is 165 launches per
year in 2025. That's almost one every
two days. That's going to easily double.
The global shares, I think you said it
earlier, and 85% of all spacecraft
deployed is coming from SpaceX. They
pretty well own it right now.
95% capital raised launch cost reduction
since I don't know what this is what is
95% the cap I guess the the amount
raised by any space X is the most of any
compared to all the amount raised for
space
uh and then $160 billion the Starlink
TAM that's how big this is estimated TAM
at scale and then uh oh and then they're
just saying for our ARC venture fund
SpaceX is 17% of the weight of that fund
Any
thoughts on these numbers?
&gt;&gt; No, I just think that
&gt;&gt; the largest IPO in the world ever.
&gt;&gt; I I think Elon sees a convergence
happening with AI and it could get
really like he's always talked about
like what if there was a nuclear
incident like we need another planet
uh for people to be able to quote
unquote escape to. But I also think that
there's going to be this thing of like
what are we going to regulate with AI?
What are we going to regulate with
labor? How are we going to deal with it?
What's going to happen to our
population? We still need to produce
things and we could get mired in all
this legislation. What if we tax a robot
all the way up to the point where we're
taking the income from that robot and
then just subsidizing everyone else? And
there's all these questions
out there. And I think people like Elon
and some of these other
big thinkers are kind of like, hey, we
need we still need to produce, you know,
data centers. we still need to produce
tokens and to, you know, expand the
scope of consciousness and and what we
know and what we're able to do. So, just
have this manufacturing capability
literally
out of this world, uh, I think is
something they're seriously thinking
about just like what could happen here.
There's not only like what if there's a
nuclear incident, what if there's some
other plague or something, but also what
if we just don't know how to deal with
the impact of AI on Earth and we need
another place that we can do production
with and not be so encumbered. So, I
don't know. It's just an interesting
thing to think about. This is the
biggest IPO
ever. Uh I think there's going to be a
lot of excitement around it. I think
there's going to be a lot of coverage in
a lot of things. you're going to see the
FUD ramp up to maybe levels we've never
seen before. Maybe it'll be a little bit
more about SpaceX and less about Tesla,
but I think you'll see a lot of FUD
about Tesla. That's just a non-stop
thing now. It's it's unbelievable um the
levels. But I just get ready. But this
all in all, this is exciting. This is uh
if this this group, this company
attracts more capital, look what they've
done with the capital they've received
to date.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This is why he's doing it because
he like you said AI is the key thing.
The other thing that happened is the S&amp;P
Dow Jones indices has officially
proposed big rule changes for mega cap
companies that could fasttrack companies
like SpaceX into S&amp;P 500. So they've
done it. They've officially proposed it.
I think it's happening. This allows S&amp;P
500 to include companies as if you're
considered a mega cap which is you're so
big. They have different rules for that.
You can be fasttracked into the S&amp;P
faster entry now only need to be public
for 6 months instead of 12 months before
being added to indices. You can wave the
minimum public float requirement.
Previously it was 10% float requirement.
Wave the profitability requirement. No
need for positive net income. I think I
thought it was going to be uh quicker
than 6 months but apparently that is the
actual rule. It is 6 months. So this
means that when SpaceX IPOs, the company
could be added to the S&amp;P 500 as soon as
six months after it IPOs, that will
trigger hundreds of billions of dollars
of force buying upon index inclusion
because all the there's many many big
whale funds out there, pension funds,
schools, fire, all that that are
invested in S&amp;P 500. So if you're in
there, you have to buy the members of
that regardless who they are. So that's
going to trigger billions of dollars six
months afterwards.
&gt;&gt; I love these people that are trying to
like predict the market and say, "Whoa,
SpaceX, Bes, and all these other
company, they have to sell for all
these." You don't know what is going to
happen. You have to account for how much
money is on the sideline. You have to
account for the fact that there isn't
another investable type company like
this that's doing satellite
communications and space launch uh like
this. that's investable. So, it's not
like, oh, we're going to take it out of
this other space company and bring it to
this. So, will there be some
redistribution? I'm sure. But these
people that are trying to say like this
is going to happen and therefore I'm
going to do this, I would just say be
careful uh with that and what you're
listening to. Uh it's typically these
things are typically difficult to
predict. Uh and I think there's going to
be a lot of fireworks after this IPO. I
asked three questions at the leadup of
the intro of the show. I'm going to ask
you now. Is Elon too ambitious?
&gt;&gt; Not by his own standards. No. And who am
I to judge?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I guess so. It's hard to know if
he seems to accomplish the impossible.
So, will he fail?
&gt;&gt; That's something. Sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, he always fails. And that's part
of his calculation. That was part of
what Yantasai said. You got to go big
scale. You got to try different
probabilities and you got to go as many
options as you can. And then some will
fail. And that's part of the that's like
a VC approach, right? Invest as many
companies as possible. 20 companies and
one succeed, you're good.
&gt;&gt; The rest you expect to fail.
&gt;&gt; What's the chance he becomes the first
10 trillionaire?
Because he's probably the first
trillionaire by net worth based on stock
ownership that he doesn't actually have
the cash. So could be this year. By the
way, that I just want to make that point
because there's so many uh people out
there who don't understand that they're
being misfed the information.
misinformation.
You don't have 10 a trillion. Elon does
not have $800 billion in his bank
account. These are stock options and in
many cases like the Tesla ones once he's
awarded if he hits uh Trunch, he doesn't
he cannot sell it for 5 years after he
even exercises it. harbor. All these
words people just want to get here and
see a big number and think that he's
sitting on this pile of cash and
laughing on some island when he's
literally
&gt;&gt; sitting in some, you know, he's in some
factory or he's in some conference room
working every works every single day of
the week. And this doesn't come out in
these conversations. He's the most
richest person in the world. Who works
harder as a CEO than him? I know there's
other CEOs that work hard. I'm not
saying that there aren't, but I mean
these it just this outrageous click
meter that and just the media feeds it
and other people feed it. They know
better, but they do it anyway. And it's
just one of the things about our society
that I I personally uh detest. This is
so easy to understand, but man, they
really go after lower informed followers
or or people or voters and just try to
turn him into the boogeyman. But if you
look at the the net of what he's I mean,
if FSD is rolled out at scale and it
gets picked up by others and robo taxis
are rolled out at scale, that's going to
happen. I mean, he's going to have a
meaningful impact, maybe greater than
any medical discovery over the last
several years of going after and dealing
with one of the biggest things that
fills up emergency rooms, which are car
accidents.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I just think you have to look at
these things in context.
&gt;&gt; It's as big as cancer, somebody said.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I just think you have to put
these things in context. And the the
Tesla AI team and Elon should be proud
of themselves once they're at this level
of safety and then they can get the
product to scale out there.
They're going to solve something that
was killing and maming people for
decades, for the last hundred years. And
I just don't think he gets the the
credit. He gets I I always joke whenever
any of the time the Verge posts anything
on X, it is 100% negative. And it's just
unbelievable that you could call
yourself a publication and say, "Well,
if there's anything that I'm gonna write
about this person or this company, it
doesn't get through my editorial booth
unless it's negative."
&gt;&gt; Uh well, thank you for putting that in
context. Yeah, it's uh you got to go big
or go home. He's either going to make it
happen and he's not trying to do it to
be his net worth. He's doing it because
that's what's required to solve these
the biggest problems you can ever think
imagine. Thank you, Jeff. That was fun.
A lot of uh information you shared
there. Follow him on his ex account at
the Jeffoff Watts. Thanks, everybody.
I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbertalm.com.