Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Delays Usually Mean Something Bigger
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgH82ixO_20
Published:   2026-05-16 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-16 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

People love saying Tesla's always late.
The semi was late. Robo taxi was late.
Full self-driving was late. But here's
what people need to remind themselves.
Breakthrough technologies are almost
always late. Because inventing
something, it's the easy part. Making it
affordable, reliable, manufacturable,
scalable, and supported by
infrastructure. That's the hard part.
Look, the internet was late. Smartphones
were late. Streaming was late. AI itself
is late. And the Tesla Semi is a perfect
example. Why was it delayed? Well, first
battery supply was constrained. The
battery cell density itself needed
improvement. The megawatt charging
infrastructure didn't exist yet.
Manufacturing lines had to be
redesigned. The Pepsi fleet validation
took years. Even factory space and
supplier ramp matter. If they wanted to,
Tesla could have easily shipped an
inferior truck years ago just for
headlines. Instead, it waited until the
economics, batteries, charging, and
production system could scale together.
That's the pattern. Tesla often looks
late right before everyone realizes the
delay was the strategy because Elon
doesn't optimize for launch dates. He
optimizes for dominance at scale. CERN
Basher will share with you today the
research he did on this topic. CERN is a
chartered financial analyst running his
own investment advisory firm called
Brilliant Advice providing wealth
management services. Welcome CERN.
&gt;&gt; Hi Herbert. I'm sorry I'm late.
You were late to produce this article.
No. So, you wrote two very good articles
as you do. You do deep dives. This is
one is a lot of fun because you go
through a number of technologies that
were late. People would promise them. I
mean, we all thought we'd be in flying
cars by now,
&gt;&gt; but you know, don't just look at it
based on they're late. It's always
there's reasons. And I think you do a
great job. And I love how you're going
to put that example to Tesla Semi
&gt;&gt; which we cannot argue was absolutely
really really late and you can explain
why. So tell us uh what you're going to
cover today.
&gt;&gt; Well I think the important thing to
understand is basically everything that
is new is late.
&gt;&gt; It's easy to imagine something and
science fiction writers have done a
great job with that for decades. So,
it's easy to imagine something and it
might be easy to come up with a
prototype and get on stage and show
something. Um, and we'll go through some
examples of this. Of course, the hard
part then is to actually will this into
existence. And this is what innovation
is all about. This is what new
technology is about. You're making
something that didn't exist before. And
so, even though you can think about it
and even though you know what you want
to do, the actual act of getting it done
is the hard part. As Elon has said a
thousand times, prototypes are easy,
production is hard,
&gt;&gt; right? It's true of absolutely
everything that we've ever seen that's
come new to this world. Fire was
probably late. You know, all the
technologies that humanity have have
discovered and figured out how how to
use have been late there. Maybe there's
a few that were early and perhaps
CyberCap actually is one of those or at
least on time. So, I think it's just
interesting. thing I think it's
instructive to kind of go back and
remind ourselves because I I feel like
there's a narrative out there that oh
Elon is always so late and and people
characterize this as some big flaw in
him. It's really not. It's consistent
with what we see with literally
everything else.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The comment that prototypes are
easy because that is what we see uh
Honda Asimo that you know that robot was
walking around and it was going up and
downstairs it was shaking people's
hands. That was like 80s.
And then people today will point to,
yeah, that was all invented years ago.
No, that was a prototype.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's those are prototypes. Uh, easy to
do that. It's then that's why it took
decades for the industry to catch up.
So, you you did a couple articles. Um,
this one is a lot of fun.
The future is almost always late. Uh,
and then you got a person here holding
one of I I had one of these phones.
&gt;&gt; I had a car phone. I had a car phone.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; so we'll get to that one.
&gt;&gt; Let's talk about this one. This is the
the picture phone. Uh so, in 1964 at the
World's Fair, uh AT&amp;T showed off this
picture phone. And of course, as we know
now, it took a lot longer for this to
become a a product. And it was
interesting because the product
initially failed because people like the
idea of seeing the other person,
&gt;&gt; but they didn't want to be seen every
time they made a call. That was one of
the consumer issues with with this. So
the a dedicated video phone I think was
kind of the wrong product for the time.
Ultimately the real winner was having a
a like video calling as a feature on
phones and laptops and so on. Not not a
dedicated device. And of course the
whole ecosystem was that took a while to
develop. It wasn't ready in 1964.
&gt;&gt; So they can demo it but it's not
something they could have rolled out at
that time. Yeah. The bandwidth wasn't
there. Right.
&gt;&gt; The everything about it wasn't there.
Everything about it wasn't ready.
&gt;&gt; Would have been too expensive to
produce.
&gt;&gt; Electric cars. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; electric cars. So, electric cars have
been around for a long time. And
actually, they were serious competitors
to gasoline vehicles uh around the
1900s, turn of the century. Um so, this
is like a hundred-year delay for for
EVs.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um you know, they they were quiet, they
were clean, they were easier to operate
than early gasoline cars, but they they
lost out because the batteries were
weak. uh gasoline became cheap um and
the supply chain for internal combustion
vehicles uh scaled faster. So it was
just a classic you know two different
technologies and one just scaled faster
and the cost curve went down quicker and
EVs just languished. So for the next
century they were just you know
prototypes, experiments, niche vehicles
um never really made it very far and
then along comes finally lithium ion
batteries and of course better motors,
better electronics, better software, you
know, everything about it just became
better and of course willed into the
world by Tesla for for the most part. Uh
so this was a case again where the
invention existed a long time before the
economics made sense.
&gt;&gt; Uh I'm glad that the world didn't give
up on this. Sorry.
&gt;&gt; The supercharger is right here. And you
can already tell, look at this. This
this electric vehicle is like there's no
front, there's no engine. It's so clean.
&gt;&gt; It's so simple. Oh,
&gt;&gt; yeah. That's too bad.
&gt;&gt; It's unfortunate. It would be a great
sort of uh thought uh you know, like to
to make a movie about what the world
would look like had EVs won 100 years
ago. I think that that would be fun to
think about. So the next one is um uh
you know the first cell phone uh the
first handheld phone was uh introduced
in 1973. Actually the first call was
made in 1973. Um but the first
commercial handheld phone didn't arrive
until 1983. So 10 years later.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh this thing was a brick literally. It
weighed about 2 and a half pounds. Cost
about $4,000 and it had 30 minutes of
talk time. So, this model here holding
this phone probably had a sore uh wrist
after holding it for the photo shoot.
Um, so it was one of those things where,
you know, it was not just the phone that
was that didn't work. Too expensive, too
bulky, too heavy, etc. Also, the network
supporting it wasn't ready. Um,
&gt;&gt; and the battery. Yeah. The battery. You
can you have to charge this thing. And
that's why it is a brick. It's mostly
batteries probably.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The antenna is huge.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I had one of these. You have to
carry it in a suitcase. Wall Street that
movie.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
So, here's another one. This is one
where, you know, this is the James Web
telescope and this is quite a marvel of
technology. Um, it was expected to be
completed in around 2007. Uh, but it was
launched on Christmas Day in in 2001 uh
2021. So, it was a number of years
behind. Um, this one was delayed because
it had to work perfectly. they they
couldn't have any mistakes because once
they sent it out off out of Earth's
orbit, there was no no going back,
right? This is not designed to be
repaired or fixed or adjusted in some
way. Um, so this this has a mirror
that's uh 6 and 1/2 mters um and a
sunshield about the size of a tennis
court and it had to unfold in a certain
way, right? like that there was these
technical problems that they had to
solve and it just took them a lot longer
than anybody would have ever thought. Uh
so this is one where they had no second
chance. They had to take the time to
make this right. And certainly they had
the Hubble uh telescope as kind of a
lesson, right? And that was one where
that actually could be repaired. But
this this is a deep space telescope. You
can't you can't just send out astronauts
to fix it. So that's to be expected.
This was a hard problem to solve. Took
them a long time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But well then if it was such a
hard problem to solve, why did they say
that they were going to do it at the
time that they did? Why didn't they just
say at that time, yeah, this is not
ready yet. We would need these
technologies. They are not ready yet.
Let's wait until we actually start or do
you think that they needed to start at
that time?
&gt;&gt; Part of it, I think, is rallying
enthusiasm around it is to put out some
projections that sound achievable. And
then I think it's just hitting reality
of you get into the project and you
realize this is a lot harder than we
thought.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You don't know what you don't know
is right. I mean, we can all name like a
home improvement project, right? Where
you say, "Okay, I'm going to take down
this wall and it'll be done by Sunday."
No, no. There's more more issues that
you uncover.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Kind of a fun one.
&gt;&gt; Uh, Duke Nukem Forever. So, this has
become kind of one of the sort of the
the sources of of of
um vaporware where it was uh they spent
about 14 years in development uh for
this video game. It was finally released
in 2011 and in this case the delay was
not caused by any technical barriers.
The delay was caused by the by the team
uh changing direction. Um because
expectations changed as technology
improved and they wanted to develop this
game that was the best in every way and
of course the standards kept improving
as there were better chips, better
graphics standards um and some of the
competition what they did had evolved as
well. So every time the industry moved
forward, uh, this game had to chase like
a new definition of what what a modern
game supposed to look like and it just
took them forever because the finish
line kept moving.
&gt;&gt; Interesting. Okay. So by the time they
even because of the delay, the
technology changed and then now they're
going to have to catch up again. So now
there's that and then they just keep
chasing all the time. Interesting. Do
you think that that's applied to Tesla?
I don't think so because Tesla seems to
do the opposite which is they are ahead
of the game. No one's really able to do
what they're doing but then the reason
they're delayed and I'm sure you'll
explain it. One reason is they want to
go scale. They're not just building for
prototype reasons.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I guess the maybe something
similar with respect to Tesla is maybe
what we're seeing with Roboaxi right now
because I think most of us with our
experience with FSD say well you could
roll out robo taxi to a greater degree.
the software is ready from a functional
standpoint, but Tesla is is saying,
"Well, we're not doing that yet because
we're ironing out some other things,
some writer comfort kind of issues or
the software isn't perfect yet in terms
of pickup and drop off spots." So it's
not quite the case of they're changing
an ever like a a moving finish line but
they are saying
since we can see that the software is
going to be that much better you know
three or four months from now let's wait
until then before we roll it out.
&gt;&gt; So it's kind of their choice in that
sense.
&gt;&gt; Interesting. It's the opposite because
their technology is advancing so fast
it's getting better so fast and then so
then you delay the release until you
that's in the other that's the opposite
of this.
&gt;&gt; It sort of sort of is Yeah. Yeah. Yeah,
Windows Vista.
&gt;&gt; Windows Vista.
&gt;&gt; So, this was, you may recall, it was
originally called Project Longhorn. Uh,
it was a good name for it. Um, and it
was delayed because Microsoft tried to
do too much at once.
&gt;&gt; It was a very ambitious project. It was
a major leap beyond Windows XP. I'm not
sure if you remember Windows XP.
&gt;&gt; I liked XP. Thought it was cool.
&gt;&gt; That was a big step forward. Uh, this
had new security. It had new visuals,
new search, um, and all kinds of other
things built into it. and it just became
so complex and unstable that Microsoft
had to reset its development. Um, so it
was it finally arrived in 2007. I forget
exactly when it started, but XP I think
was um was it late 1990s, Herbert? Do
&gt;&gt; you remember when XP came out? Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I know. I don't know my dates.
&gt;&gt; Um, but this this one was late because
the project just became too too heavy.
they they had to lighten the the the
goals in terms of what they wanted to
achieve with this. Uh they wanted to put
too much into this and it just became
too much of a heavy heavy lift.
&gt;&gt; Do you think Tesla's done something like
that? Like maybe the semi?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Um
I don't think so. I I think the semi
needs to be at a certain level before
you can introduce it as a product. And
certainly, as we'll discuss, there were
some critical things that they had to
get to in order for the semi to just be
a product. It's not like they were
trying to make semi into everything and
solve all of the world's trucking
problems with this one product. And
that's kind of what Windows Vista was
trying to do. They were trying to solve
so many different things.
&gt;&gt; What about 4680 thing? The 4680 battery.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think that was a key underlying
technology that makes this semi
possible. And this is the source of Bill
Gates criticism.
&gt;&gt; Why was 4680 delayed? 4680 battery
itself was delayed.
&gt;&gt; Well, they had a number of issues with
the the dry cathode and all kinds of
things with the with the battery and and
making it in the way they wanted to in a
cost effective way.
&gt;&gt; Uh getting the yield where it needed to
be and so on. So, there were all kinds
of challenges with the battery. Yes,
that that was a big factor.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
Um the Dreamliner
uh 787 uh it was about a three-year
delay from um before the first delivery
in 2011. This was an amazing aircraft
because it was the first carbon
composite structure aircraft. Uh amazing
fuel efficiency, larger windows, uh
improved humidity in the cabin and and
different electrical systems that that
were new. The delay here came from
Boeing's new production model. They they
had outsourced large parts of the
plane's design and manufacturing to a
global supplier network. I think if I
recall that the tail section was made in
Australia or something and they had to
fly it in and different components made
in different parts of the world. So on
paper that seemed to make sense, but
when they got the problems when they got
the parts in, they discovered that
things didn't quite fit the way that
they needed to. And there were some
coordination problems and quality issue
and part shortages and all kinds of
different things because of this new
production system that wasn't tested and
ironed out. Again, I think Tesla faces
some of that in EVs and they'll face
some of that with Optimus as they're
building a new global supply chain. So,
it's one thing to sit down in a
boardroom or on paper and map out how
this is all going to work. It's another
thing to actually have it work on time,
on budget, as planned. And Boeing
learned the hard way here how
challenging this this this was.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Je Jeff Jeff Lutz uh supply chain
executive has pointed out many times
before that if you are creating a
product that you've done before let's
say a new version of the iPhone a new
version of a mobile phone you can pretty
well predict pretty closely you know uh
when that's going to come out and you're
not going to be that delayed
occasionally you might but most often
you're pretty accurate but when you've
got supply chain completely new
production method completely new you
know materials of the actual the product
is new and lots of advancements to the
product is new. You don't know. You have
no idea. And that's what we're facing
with a human or robot and that's what
we're facing with the cyber cap. So
people are saying you're delayed. You I
don't know if that applies to the semi
but you I think you'll explain it later
but the semi is not ex not just a larger
EV. It's a lot more than that and you'll
do that. But you know what I mean when
when you have changes in not just the
product but changes in everything
production supply and the product you
don't know you have zero idea when it's
going to come out.
&gt;&gt; The interesting thing about the
streamliner as well they had their own
battery problems if you recall uh they
had some lithium ion battery incidents
that grounded the whole fleet.
&gt;&gt; Um and that was in 2013.
&gt;&gt; So they had the initial problems and
then they had some subsequent ones. So
this would have been a very frustrating,
you know, project for them and certainly
their customers were upset.
&gt;&gt; Dyson, I love this guy. Inventions. I
love this. I buy all of his products.
They're super expensive. They don't work
as well as he says they are, but I buy
into the marketing.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Well, this was an interesting one
because this bagless vacuum design, um,
it was delayed not because it didn't
work. It was delayed because the rest of
the industry didn't want a bagless
vacuum. It was kind of like a razor
razor blade model. They were making
money selling vacuum bags.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; So he he apparently built about 5,000
prototypes
before perfecting quote perfecting the
cyclonic design of what he has now. Um
and vacuum companies resisted his idea
because again they vacuum bags were
profitable for them. So he had to find a
route around the industry and he ended
up launching in Japan and uh that gave
him the the necessary success in order
to then expand his business. So it was a
case of the industry not accepting or
not willing to adopt the new better
technology.
&gt;&gt; Sounds like the EV.
&gt;&gt; Yes. In many ways, right? You have
incumbents that are putting up
roadblocks. Good point. Well, and not
just incumbents, but yeah, the the
governments regulation of course
&gt;&gt; and I don't know why people love gas
because they,
you know, even consumers were against
it. You know, they don't like change,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And there were many consumers that, you
know, fought against this, although this
is less serious, I guess, than than EVs
are. But, um,
&gt;&gt; yeah, but this is fun. I I mean, yeah,
bagless. I obviously I fell for that.
Loved it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you know, and it's it's
improved over the years. It still has
its issues, as any vacuum cleaner does.
I don't know that I've ever seen a
vacuum cleaner where everybody says, "I
I've loved this thing from the first day
to the its last day of use. They they
seem to all have issues." Uh, and it's
the nature, I guess, of a vacuum because
it gets dirty and nasty over time. And
one of the problems is people don't
clean them properly. So, in order for
the vacuum to function at its peak
performance, it has to be cleaned. And
who wants to do that?
So if somebody can invent a vacuum that
selfcleans, you don't have to do
anything. That that would be huge. I
&gt;&gt; think it's coming. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So Bluetooth is something today that we
all accept as, you know, it's just kind
of there. We don't have to think about
it. But this took a long time. Um the
idea was simple was to replace cables
with, you know, a short range radio. Um
so the real challenge here was the
standards getting the industry to agree
and for things to operate between
different companies uh the pairing
issues. There's also battery life issues
around this and and the reliability of
of the connection and this took a long
time I don't have any dates on this but
it just took a long time for the
industry to sort of coales around this
standard. Uh today you know I think most
of us would say it's pretty reliable but
it's not perfect. you know, my Bluetooth
connection, for example, for my phone,
my iPhone to my Cybert truck, it's
pretty good, but it's not it's not fail
safe. Um, so this is, you know, this is
the issue here was pretty boring
technology, but you had to get the whole
industry of all kinds of different
companies to agree to work on this and
that's often a challenge. I think that's
similar to the 48vt innovation that
Tesla's done. And then that's why they
create a PDF and said please everybody
follow this and nobody's doing it except
for Tesla and then because if they can
get the industry to switch over to 48
volt then I don't know supply chain
everybody else will make it easier and
cheaper.
&gt;&gt; It's similar. I mean Tesla doesn't need
Ford and GM to adopt 48 volt. Whereas in
this case all these companies kind of
needed this in order for things to
operate. If you were the maker of, you
know, a headset, you needed to get Apple
to make sure that it worked, that it
paired with your your device and so on.
&gt;&gt; Tesla doesn't really need that, but I
think they were trying to do the
industry a favor and say, "Hey, 48 volts
is the way to go. By the way, here's the
way to do it."
&gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe that's not the that's not
the best example. Maybe superchargers
are if if if other wireless charging or
uh charging network was successful.
Unfortunately, they weren't. But if they
were, they tried.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If they were really good, as good
as superchargers, then we would have
multiple standards and we would have to
like have multiple adapters in our cars
to be able to hit everybody. And
luckily, it's kind of all, you know, for
the most part consolidated. That's nice.
That's why they did that. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; This is the Euro tunnel or the tunnel.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; From from England to France. Uh the idea
of connecting the two uh dates back to
the early 1800s.
Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, it took them a while to figure this
out. It didn't open till 1994.
Uh, and it's one of the sort of the
great but obvious uh, you know, obvious
but delayed infrastructure ideas to have
a tunnel between England and France. Um
so the delay here was not just
engineering challenges and there were
plenty but it also involved politics uh
fears of war uh financing issues
regulation issues safety uh
international coordination like every
everything you could imagine was part of
this this challenge. Uh the folks in
England had long worried that this would
uh increase the chance of invasion if
there was a tunnel between European
continent and and and England. Um and of
course you know massive cost overruns
when they actually started building it.
So basically every problem you can think
of uh that this this particular project
encountered but today it's an amazing
infrastructure
uh item
&gt;&gt; and it's it's government run so you
can't really compare that to private
industry. Um but in general I think what
you're referring to here would be uh
companies when you want a new technology
you often have to battle econom not only
the you know the marketplace you have to
battle the regulation
and all the issues
&gt;&gt; that they will people will fight you
just like I guess data centers are being
fought now with not in my backyard
protest.
&gt;&gt; Well that's right and these companies
don't operate in a vacuum right you need
government approval. So even though this
is a you know government run project
even a private company building a data
center anywhere this interface with the
government and the rules and the
regulations and approvals and getting
the energy to the data center all those
things involve government regulations
and government oversight. So yeah this
this is kind of a a lesson for
everybody. It's one of those things
about Elon Musk where people don't they
underestimate his capability of uh you
know launching a data center and and in
90 days he did that because he figured
out all this stuff negotiating found
ways to go around the you know the the
roadblocks the government he he gets
approval I'm not saying he he's he's
he's cheating or anything like that but
he's he's able to negotiate and get
things done that's the difference
&gt;&gt; well and I think the On the other side,
&gt;&gt; the Boring Company or the reason why
they're so delayed. They are really,
really delayed is because the CEO of
that company basically said, "Yeah, we
are a company that is beholden to
regulation and it just takes forever."
And so that in that one, they've not
been able to pull the rabbit out of the
hat.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there'll be a tipping point at
some point there. Part of it too is the
technology, the Boring Company machine
needs to be faster.
&gt;&gt; True.
&gt;&gt; Uh it needs to be faster than Gary the
Snail, I think it is.
uh and they're making, you know,
improvements there. They're they're
taking people out of the tunnel. The
machine can operate autonomously now
inside the the boring hole. So, they're
they're making progress. Uh it just
remains to be seen how long it's going
to take. Uh but the idea of putting more
and more transportation underground and
freeing up the road surfaces for people
or just making it less congested is is
pretty promising and frankly quite
obvious.
Um it remains to be seen how long it'll
take the Boring Company to become a much
more uh powerful and competitive force.
Right. Right now it's you know really
just a few sample sample projects. Um
the nice thing is what they've done what
they've done in Las Vegas is I think is
a nice showcase for what's possible.
&gt;&gt; The one in Nashville is the better
showcase. That one is three apartment
buildings and then those apartment
buildings uh agreed to this model where
people just take the elevator down to
the B2 get into a cars Tesla model cars
and then they will take you through the
tunnel right to the airport in 9
minutes. Lucky for them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh HDTV. This one's interesting
because it wasn't just about making a
better television, but it was also about
um the whole pipeline had to change. You
need better cameras. you need the better
studios, better production equipment. It
was kind of everything
&gt;&gt; in television in order to have HDTV.
&gt;&gt; There was no use having a high
definitionition television if what was
making the videos didn't film in HD,
right? So all those things and of course
you had the issue of the sets being
super expensive. Uh so it just takes a
while again to go down that cost curve.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I just watched a entrepreneur
interviewed by Guy Raz uh and and she
invented she was a makeup artist and at
the time she invented this new u block
thing you know makeup thing the the foam
foam thing
&gt;&gt; and the reason why was because HDTV came
out and now everybody was being seen
your your makeup is is too clear so she
needed to invent something so you cannot
tell that the person has makeup.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And so she needed to invent
something because this thing happened.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Interesting. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um here is the tablet computer.
&gt;&gt; Uh this is Alen K and his dynab book. Uh
concept from the late 1960s.
&gt;&gt; Love Alen K. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. Um and so this is very similar to
what we see today with either a laptop
or or an iPad.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And so, you know, it wasn't necessarily
the case that Steve Jobs thought of this
idea. he just figured out a way to make
this in a way that was economical. So
again, it suffered from the same
problems that a lot of technologies had.
It had, you know, the batteries, the
poor screen quality, the the in, you
know, the processors were inefficient,
the software wasn't that great. Um, and
of course the high cost.
So the iPad worked because Apple had
already trained people with the iPhone.
they already trained people to use
multi-touch and apps and you know Wi-Fi
and all this stuff right so the iPad was
a made sense as an additional product
&gt;&gt; but the concept here was developed
decades before
&gt;&gt; the brilliance of Steve Jobs because I
if you tell remember the story he they
initially were going to launch the iPad
first they had had the iPad ready to go
he'd made a decision to go with a phone
first again just this idea that
&gt;&gt; I don't know whether it's a consumer
adoption understanding how to use it. Or
maybe it's this once you get the sales
of the iPhone, then all the parts become
cheaper and then you can make the iPad
appropriately priced. I don't know what
the
&gt;&gt; Well, the original iPhones were pretty
small, so I think people were probably
squinting at the screens and were super
excited about having a bigger screen to
look at. So that that made sense, I
think, in terms of that order.
&gt;&gt; But not to mention that the screen
technology improved a lot. the
brilliance of Apple and specifically I
guess Steve Jobs was timing things
perfectly at the right time, right? They
were always uh the biggest insult to
them or the biggest criticism was, "Oh
yeah, it's been invented before. Android
has that feature already, but what they
do is they wait until the right time."
Many companies have already done it, but
they do it right. They do it at scale.
They make it as easy as possible. They
wait for a technology to hit a certain
level before they'll do it. And it's
frustrating sometimes. you go, why don't
you just launch it already? Uh, but they
will wait, wait, wait, wait, and then
when they finally do it though, they hit
the right timing. That's that was his
brilliance. And I wonder if Elon, I'm
assuming he also has that skill, right?
The ability to actually time things of
when they come, the right time to launch
it.
&gt;&gt; Everything's converged.
&gt;&gt; I think so. We've seen Elon certainly
turn on a dime. Whether it's the
Gigafactory in Mexico and not needing
that and moving forward with that.
Whether it's the timing of of building
the cyber cab line or the Optimus
factory.
&gt;&gt; Um one,
&gt;&gt; it's no building the factories well
before you need it. You might as well do
it as coincides with the production of
the product or the your readiness for
for production.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Optimus is a perfect example.
There was a few bots like I mentioned,
right? Boston Dynamics, Asimov, but no
one was doing it at scale. Nobody was
thinking and until Elon comes out and
says we're going to do it and we have
all the right technologies at the right
time specifically FSD the ability to
control the bot um the intelligence was
catching up he knew that AI was coming
at the right timing and he started this
project and everybody then the industry
formed because he did it
&gt;&gt; so if he didn't do that but he was
always just ahead a little bit ahead
yeah brilliance
&gt;&gt; the other thing about Apple too is they
historically you know waited to
introduce something until they were
ready to actually sell it. There wasn't
just like, oh, we're going to make an
iPhone and then you waited 10 years for
the iPhone.
&gt;&gt; It was kind of announced to the world
and it was available kind of in real
time, more or less,
&gt;&gt; right? Yes. They don't
&gt;&gt; prototypes. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And
&gt;&gt; and Tesla does the same thing. Whenever
you see a prototype from Tesla, let's
say the Tesla Semi, it doesn't really
change that much by the time they launch
it, even though it was really delayed.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But what Tesla doesn't do, I
guess, is say, "Well, here's the new
product, and by the way, you can buy it.
You can order it tomorrow, and it'll be
ready, you know, in a month." Um, in
some cases, like the Roadster, you can
you can order it, but you have to wait a
while.
&gt;&gt; True. True.
&gt;&gt; Of course, making a car is a lot more
challenging than perhaps making a
smaller consumer product, but still um
just a different approach.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Ah, favorite.
&gt;&gt; Netflix is great. Um Netflix uh you know
streaming video was obvious long before
it was possible. Um you know with the
early internet you know the buffering
wait time was was irritating you know
bad quality. There's limited film uh
movie cataloges to access uh it was just
unreliable. So what they needed to do
was wait for the infrastructure to
improve. And it wasn't as though Netflix
was the one that did that. They had to
wait on everybody else. the rest of the
industry, rest of the telecom players
and so on to build out the
infrastructure.
Um,
Netflix, by the way, began streaming in
2007. So, it's been 20 years. And I
think most of us at this point, it's
hard to remember a day when we don't
have streaming. But, I mean, obviously
Blockbuster and all that, and we
remember these these Netflix envelopes
send sending the DVDs back.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Um, so again, one of those things where
it' be nice, they were they were ready
to do it, but the rest of the world
wasn't. Uh, e-reader, uh, uh, Kindle,
these ebooks existed before the Kindle.
Um, but the experience was terrible. So,
early e-readers had again weak screens,
uh, poor battery life, high prices,
small cataloges, and it was clunky to
use them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then Amazon came along and they they
didn't just sell a better screen. They
they improved everything. It's like the
iPod. Yeah. Yeah. It's it's not just a
product. It's the infrastructure around
the or the ecosystem around the product.
And if you're a company like Kindle
&gt;&gt; where you have all the books that is
already converted so that you have
electronic available of this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh the brilliance of course was black
and white so that it's cheap and small
and they hit it they hit it out of the
park. They hit this out of the park. And
then the uh same thing with the iPod.
They did the same thing where although I
think they they the iTunes was a a year
or two sometimes Tesla Elon or Steve Jo
got lucky like the app store was a for
the iPhone was a a secondary thing that
happened later. He didn't even want to
do that but this
&gt;&gt; but it came. Yeah. It was an opportunity
that they certainly recognized and I
remember uh reading about Apple
investing in this data center that was
you know costing billions of dollars and
then and it was two or three years later
before we really saw the app explosion.
Uh but they had to build the
infrastructure first and that that took
time.
&gt;&gt; That's the story of Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh we can skip this one but this
is this is OLED TVs again. Same story.
Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um uh next one is 3D printing. Um this
was invented in the 1980s. Uh for many
years it was just like an industrial
prototyping tool. Um it became overhyped
as a consumer thing. Um you know with
the prediction there were predictions
every home would have a 3D printer.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Right. Um and it's it was late because
you know it was slow it was kind of
finicky. The materials were limited. It
was kind of complicated. Um but very
quietly the technology has become key in
aerospace, medical devices, all kinds of
industries. You use 3D printers now for
all kinds of things. Um and so the
lesson here is that sometimes a delayed
technology arrives in a different way
than people imagined. People thought
this be a consumer technology and it's
turned in to much more of an industrial
manufacturing technology kind of behind
the scenes.
Um now that may change at some point. It
may it may well become a consumer
technology at some point when somebody
comes up with a way to do this that's
easy and and simple. Maybe you just talk
to the machine and say, "Hey, can you
print me a new pair of Crocs?" And it
does it. Um but for now, it's it's too
complicated as a as a mass market
consumer device. Uh virtual reality. Uh
this is one, you know, I remember
hearing about this for years and how
great it was going to be. And then we
have Apple come out with uh Vision Pro
and it's kind of been a dud.
&gt;&gt; It's a dud
&gt;&gt; and they met Meta's investments in it
has been a dud.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Now, will this be a dud forever?
That remains to be seen. I think the
jury's still out on this. It's it's a
really fascinating concept to put
yourself in a virtual world. Now, a lot
of people get disoriented with it. And
that's one of the problems is that maybe
they need to find a way so that people
don't feel a little nauseous because
it's so immersive.
Um, it's also kind of weird. You're kind
of isolating yourself. You're in a room,
but yet you've got this thing on your
head. It's It's just kind of a weird
thing. Consumers just yet haven't gotten
used to the idea of doing this. Um,
so the challenge here, I think, is
finding a way for this great technology
to kind of fit in with our lives. And I
don't don't know that this product has
done that yet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; web van.
&gt;&gt; Web van. Here's an obvious one. Deliver
groceries. In fact, if you go back in
time, there was always the milkman.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And that was something growing up in New
Zealand, I remember the milkman. And I
remember when the milkman started
delivering orange juice, I was like,
"Wow, that's a genius idea. Milk and
orange juice in the same delivery."
Well, here's groceries. But when Web Van
came out, uh the world wasn't quite
ready for this. Um we're certainly well
on the way now. Uh certainly Amazon has
been much more successful uh with this
but still for the most part we don't
have grocery delivery like web van
envisioned it. Um but webban was not
wrong about the future was wrong about
the timing.
&gt;&gt; There you go.
&gt;&gt; That was the issue. You can be too
early.
&gt;&gt; And uh did they not did they not were
not they they raised a lot of money but
they weren't able to build out the
infrastructure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The logistics here were was brutal
what they had to do and they just they
they would have needed more money. Uh
Amazon has been able to do it over the
years, but it's taken Amazon a long
time. Amazon's now been around for 30
plus years. This is a long long journey.
&gt;&gt; You know, we're we're ordering more and
more of our food through Amazon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Amazon figured out how to do this. So
they they instead like instead of
before, right? You would have to go to a
different Amazon web page to order food,
but they charged you the food is higher
and it was just too the the the delivery
was was expensive. So we never did that.
We tried it once or twice and then never
did it. So then we still visit our
supermarket and all that. Now what they
did was as you're ordering a product,
just any product on Amazon like you
normally do, now they'll say, "Hey, you
want to add these things?" and it just
goes along with your regular products
without extra
&gt;&gt; uh shipment fees. And then they get you
because now they get you going and
ordering a few products that way and
then food items and then you
&gt;&gt; we haven't yet but you know eventually
you'll move that direction. Okay. So why
so many great ideas are late? When you
look across all these examples, the
pattern becomes clear. Major inventions
are rarely delayed for just one reason.
They are delayed because the product
depends on several things becoming ready
at the same time. So then you go through
the list and uh I won't go through this.
I think you explained it already, but
this is a great list of each one of
these that you went through. There's
many things that needed to happen in
order for that to succeed, not just the
product or the invention. That's the the
key thing. And each one of them had you,
you know, you did a great job of
explaining each one of them had a very
different reason from each the others of
why they were delayed.
&gt;&gt; So the demo is not the product. That's a
key one. People forget this. They just
don't understand this concept. They'll
see. I mean, you could argue that Whimo
is a demo still. If you if Tesla wanted
to, they could easily, as Whimo did,
launch 3,000 cars,
&gt;&gt; but suffer with all of the same problems
that they're facing, a thousand
incidents per month.
um you know cars just stopping for no
reason, not being able to go through
flooding sessions, having remote workers
dial in often. And so they're losing
$100 per ride. Whimo is that is the
estimate of the five to6 billion loss
per year divided by the number of rides.
They're losing $100 per ride, but
they're willing to do that. So they're
losing five to six billion per year and
they're in 10 cities. People think that
they've done it. They're the leaders,
but it's not really. They've got a lot
of work to try to prove that they can
scale it. But to me, that's still a
demo. And and and to be fair, Tesla's
still a demo. Robo taxi still a demo.
It's even worse of a demo than Whimo
because you can't order cars that often.
So, we don't know yet. But the reason
Tesla's delayed is because they're
setting up infrastructure. We we we we
just obviously heard about a 36,000
square foot car wash facility that they
got a permit for in Las Vegas for cyber
caps.
&gt;&gt; So they're building out these facilities
first in Las Vegas and pretty well every
city will have this
&gt;&gt; 36,000 square foot
&gt;&gt; and that tells you the scale at which
they plan to operate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's say you'll have a thou
10,000 car cyber cabs or whatever 5,000
cyber cabs in that city. Now they need
to be car washed. Automated by the way
it's an automatic robotic factory. Cars
come in, cars leave, and there's
probably a few humans that have to be,
you know, in there. They're doing this
now because that's the plan. Anyways, so
a demo proves that something can work. A
product has to work repeatedly. A
business has to make it profitable. An
industry has to manufacture at scale.
Society has to accept it. That's why
Tomas are so often wrong. You you have
good writing. The future arrives when
the system is ready. Okay. Um and then
you go down your list.
Okay, let's talk semi.
&gt;&gt; Let's talk semi. So semi is an
interesting one. Um because this was
introduced in um 2017.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And uh Elon at the time said that it
would be ready for sale. Uh deliveries
would begin in 2019 and the crowd goes
wild.
Um that didn't exactly happen that way.
The first deliveries were made to
PepsiCo in December of 2022. So, five
years late.
&gt;&gt; Five years. That's a long
&gt;&gt; there. And even then, it was just a few
vehicles.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And of course, now the the factory has
been completed in Nevada and they've
produced the first vehicle on the
production line. I'm not sure if they're
actually producing if, you know, started
production's happened yet, but we're
close in in any event. But that's taken
a long time from 2017 all the way to
today.
uh about a decade.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And so this is a case of there's been a
lot of technical hurdles to overcome.
And as you've previously mentioned, the
battery I think was probably the biggest
issue, but along the way they've made a
lot of changes to the truck itself. I
think Dan Priestley said the other day
that they've taken about a,000 pounds
off the weight of the truck. So there's
been all kinds of improvements that
they've made. But in this presentation,
Elon did a masterful job of talking
about the the the changes that they made
to this truck, putting the driver in the
middle, the aerodynamic design of the
truck, the the super strong glass, uh
the efficiency of of the truck in in
total, uh just a whole number of things.
Um and then of course as we think out a
little bit, this will become autonomous.
So there's challenges and issues there
too around the timing of that. How long
will it take Tesla to effectively put
FSD on the truck and validate that and
have, you know, a reliable autonomous
trucking network?
So again, a lot of people find fault
with Elon for taking so long and I see a
lot of comments on X about this is like
their biggest problem with Elon is he's
always late. And my whole point with
these two uh articles is to point out
that basically everything is late and
some projects are harder than others and
just by design it's going to take time.
Uh as investors the challenges I guess
is recognizing when that's when that's
the case. Uh I know we want things to
happen this quarter, next quarter and we
we see cyber cabs rolling off the
production line and we want them to ramp
up you know to thousands a day. it it
will take some time but if they do this
right then we'll get to the right place
just like Apple has done with the iPhone
just like Netflix has done with what
they've done etc all these successful
companies so I think as investors we
need to give Tesla a little bit of grace
and say okay yes you can say these
things and you can give us these
timelines but we do need to recognize
that this is something that the world
has not seen before and that their
willingness into existence and that
process of willing something into
existence
sometimes takes more time than you
realize when you first start. Just like
that home improvement project on a
Sunday afternoon, you're like, I'm going
to fix this. No, suddenly it's a
four-month project because you've
uncovered more problems. This is what
happens with new technology as well.
&gt;&gt; I think the so the the review of all the
different products is is very
educational. I think that this is a you
know, they bit up they bit off too much
of the they can chew. So number one, the
biggest issue I think is the batteries.
Uh so what happened was let's let's go
through your your deck here but
basically you said the semi-event was
December 7th 2017 but the actual you
know first deliveries was 2022 y
&gt;&gt; and they were just pilots. Okay so that
three-year delay it's not that was not
way off of what he said. Okay. It was on
&gt;&gt; three years.
&gt;&gt; No but he said it was going to go out by
2019. Right. So it was like uh sorry
&gt;&gt; sorry what oh yeah 2017 he said it was
going to 2019 but it was 2022 so it is a
huge delay I'm sorry
&gt;&gt; that that is a huge delay that's five
years later before the first product
&gt;&gt; but the reason I believe was because of
batteries u so they had to they didn't
have enough batteries and for every can
you tell me how many batteries for every
Tesla semi how many Tesla Model 3s you
could have
&gt;&gt; yeah I forget the number but it's it's a
significant difference um the battery
pack in the semi is massive compared
compared to a Model 3 and I forget I
forget the numbers off the top of my
head but it
&gt;&gt; yeah it's a lot like I don't remember if
it's seven or 10 or something like that
but so I believe that that's what
happened they had a battery uh cell
constraint and then they had to choose
between mega packs between
&gt;&gt; Model 3s Model Y's or
&gt;&gt; Cybertruck
&gt;&gt; Cybert trucks
&gt;&gt; and they uh well not before the Cybert
truck came kind of later right but but
the model 3 model Y versus a semi and I
think that that's what so the first
issue was batteries
The semi could not scale until battery
supply, pack design, manufacturing
capacity improved. So that was one of
the thing. The second issue was
charging. I don't know about that one. I
don't know about this one. It is an
issue, but it's not the rate limiting
step. They once you have production,
then they'll build the supercharger
network. I don't think that that was the
slowdown. But I think this one is
similar to what you said earlier, which
is they were going they could have built
a bunch of mega chargers ahead of time,
but then they knew that the technology
kept improving, improving, improving. So
they said, "Let's wait. Let's wait.
Let's wait." And then now they've got
this incredible mega charger that is so
powerful, so quick that they waited
until that. And then now that they have
that, now they're going to go scale.
Right.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's right. The delay has
actually allowed them to improve this.
And so instead of building out a mega
charger network across the country that
wouldn't have been used and then they
would have had another version that
would have even better and so then
you're just replacing what you built. So
yes, you're you're right. And actually
the strategy that they're employing I
think here is really smart because
they're selling a lot of trucks to
companies that kind of have this hub and
spoke thing where all the trucks come
back to the hub at the end of the day
and they can charge centrally. You don't
actually need a network of superchargers
in that world because yeah,
&gt;&gt; if you've got a distribution network,
your trucks are going out in the morning
and they're coming back in the evening.
You just charge them there.
&gt;&gt; So, they can put the charging on site
with the customers
&gt;&gt; and they're actually having the customer
buy the the charging. So Tesla doesn't
have to spend money building the
network,
&gt;&gt; which they will over time, but there's
enough of an opportunity with these hub
and spoke delivery networks that they
can sell a lot of trucks and get this
going before they need to go after the
kind of the long haul trucking industry.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the third issue was Oh, I
thought the one of the issues was still
the cells I get. Was that there? Okay.
The third issue is weight and payload.
Well, again, I don't know, man. I mean,
if that was the issue, they should have
not have announced it back then
&gt;&gt; if they've seen data over the years how
things have improved. So, they've made
some improvements here.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; I don't know that this was the issue,
but certainly things have gotten better
over time. This this delay has allowed
them to take advantage of that time and
make the truck even more efficient,
&gt;&gt; which is great.
&gt;&gt; So, that's why I'm saying I don't know
if this was the issue. If it was an
issue, then Bill Gates was right. uh
they should not have announced in 2017.
It wasn't physically physics possible,
but I think that they had already solved
they felt that they solved the equation.
I don't know if this was the issue,
&gt;&gt; right? No, Bill Gates wasn't right. It's
just that they had the opportunity to to
improve this and make it more
economical. It's all about economics.
&gt;&gt; In that 2017 presentation, Elon gave
some pretty amazing economics for what
the cost savings would be. And maybe
some of that was aspirational. And so
part of it I think was taking this time
to make sure that that aspirational goal
actually could be achieved.
&gt;&gt; You know that's an interesting point uh
because that is that is like when
somebody says something was delayed.
Okay in this case 9 years delayed and
you go my gosh you failed but actually
the product the infrastructure
everything has improved significantly
along the nine years. So when you do
launch it, it is going to like it's
going to go scale and it's going to be
better faster than everything else and
they'll probably catch up to if they
even just launched it probably 50,000 at
that year.
&gt;&gt; You know, waiting until everything's
perfectly set up and then you go scale,
you'll go this because everything's
better. Economics wait, superchargers
faster, quicker, autonomyy's ready,
autonomyy's here. That was one of the
things I thought was one of the reasons
that they delayed it. So you know you
you got this thing okay lots of battery
issues so the delay adapt you for for 10
years nine years you cannot say it was
one thing I think it was like first it
was batteries and then maybe they're
waiting for something but I think the
other one was maybe autonomy do you
think that autonomy start to looking
like it's ready and so now we want to
redesign the car so that it's autonomous
ready and then launch it or do you think
no they would have launched this even
autonomy wasn't ready
&gt;&gt; well I'd be curious to know with some of
the changes they've made in the semi
over the last nine years how much of
that or how many of those changes were
designed with with autonomy in mind and
we'll probably find out at some point
where they say oh by the way we we did
this because of that reason now the
truck pretty much looks the same so
obviously any redesigns haven't been
massive they haven't changed the shape
of the truck or anything
&gt;&gt; they haven't made it look like a Model Y
so that so that it can work autonomously
but I'm sure that there are some things
along the way that they've done that
that will improve that
&gt;&gt; one of the lines that Dan Priestley said
was that this truck is robo robo
trucking ready
&gt;&gt; or whatever word he used, but basically
autonomous ready.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; and in an industry that's short on
drivers, that's going to be a key
selling point at some point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And somebody mentioned that the
easy thing to do is actually have a
driver, a supervised driver in the front
and then you daisy chain a bunch behind
it and then so you don't have to like
it's not 100% autonomous, but you have a
person driving But you don't have five
drivers, so you have four. I don't know
how how real this is that you could
daisy chain versus uh
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; tuning, I guess they're called.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know. Again, the fifth
issue is manufacturing.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's different than making a car.
So, you know, we have to accept that
there probably are some issues here.
There's a new production system for a
larger item. Uh maybe a different
supplier base, different service model.
You got to service the trucks on site at
the customer's location. You can't just
say, "Hey, bring your truck down."
&gt;&gt; You know, there's different things that
they have to think through here. Um, did
this cause a delay? Perhaps not. But
still, it's a set of challenges that
they that they had to face.
&gt;&gt; So, the first semi came off in April
2026, 9 years later, but now it is in
production. And now we're hearing that
it is uh going bonkers as in uh one
company after another ordering 340
semiis. And uh the orders are being
placed. So there it's looking like it's
moving quite nicely.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; What's this?
&gt;&gt; Uh this is just from the presentation in
2017 where we're showing the aerodynamic
features of the truck.
&gt;&gt; Uh was better than a a a Bugatti sports
car.
&gt;&gt; 36 versus 38, which is kind of crazy to
think about that a big truck like that
could be more aerodynamic than a sports
car.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh and certainly more aerodynamic than a
diesel truck by far.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, lots of different things here. Now,
of course, the biggest thing with the
semi is the economics and the the cost
savings. Uh, according to this site, the
the gap is roughly about 35 cents a mile
in savings.
And for a fleet operator that runs
millions of miles a year, this this this
is going to add up significantly. This
product will sell itself.
&gt;&gt; Oh, it's it's hit everything. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; If if you have a product that's super
reliable, it will sell itself. If you've
got reliability issues, then this this
math equation then starts to be more
difficult to run. And so maybe part of
the delay too is to make sure that
everything is super reliable. Maybe the
first versions weren't. Maybe PepsiCo
had some issues with their first trucks,
&gt;&gt; right,
&gt;&gt; that they needed to work through and
figure out, okay, how do we actually
resolve this and make it reliable so
that when we start producing 50,000 a
year, we're not going to have a service
call from every customer every week on
these trucks. That's not going to work.
So those I'm sure are considerations as
well that we we haven't seen behind the
scenes.
&gt;&gt; Charging problems a business model.
What's that?
&gt;&gt; Um so in this case, you know, with a
with a with a car, with a family car,
you know, you can charge at home, right?
And or you can charge at a supercharger.
Superchargers are more expensive. But in
this case, again, for the trucking
industry, this is the source of their
cost savings. The amount of money that
they're going to save on fuel. this this
is the economic reason for the truck
truck trucking companies to buy this
vehicle. Now, there's a whole bunch of
other side benefits. Uh less driver
fatigue and all the stuff that we've
seen drivers report with this truck.
&gt;&gt; Uh but at the end of the day, it's it's
how many cents per mile can they save.
And you're seeing here on this on this
chart, uh estimated annual fuel saving.
Um this is using a Tesla semi-mega
charger. 60 to $80,000 per year per
truck.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Savings. So, it'll pay for itself.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; In 3 five years. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And the fact that it has no tailpipe
emissions, that's all great, but if it
doesn't, if the economics aren't there,
not many companies are going to buy it,
&gt;&gt; right? And of course, charging time
might matter, although it matters less.
Again, if you've got the hub and spoke
kind of depot arrangement,
but ultimately for long haul trucking,
the charging time will matter. And
truckers, if it takes 30 minutes to
charge, actually, they'll probably
welcome that break. and in many cases
are required to take breaks anyway. So
the charging time isn't so much of an
issue. Um but I think the the approach
that Tesla's taken here with again
selling to customers that have these
these depots is really smart. It allows
them to get the vehicles in in the
fleet. It allows them to test, you know,
at larger numbers, work out any kinks,
and then with as their confidence
increases, they can then start building
out the mega charging network and begin
selling trucks to the long haul trucking
industry.
Wow. Okay. Great deep dive on the semi.
Uh lots of good explanation why it was
delayed. But at the end of the day, it
was delayed big time. I mean, nine
years, you can't you can't uh you can't
recall explain that away. The but
it still happened and now that it's
happened, it is massively a big
disruption because not only do you have
like you just explained the economics
are so much better. Basically, it's it's
better in I always heard that whenever
you want to displace a incumbent
technology, you have to have three
things, not just one thing. You have to
have three things that are better than
an incumbent technology because it's
huge friction,
&gt;&gt; you know, to try to momentum to try to
get somebody to change a company to
change. It's got to be faster. It's got
to be cheaper. It's got to have some
other value proposition that is better
than everything else. And then on top of
all that though, this is autonomous. And
that is yet another thing. And so now
that everything's in place,
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; they will scale this.
&gt;&gt; They will get the infrastructure up. It
will take over everything. This is
wasn't just to prove out that you have a
good business. It's like to change
transportation
on its head like autonomous and then and
then autonomous delivery matters to
society because every product vast I
think you did a show on that one time.
the vast majority of the margin of the
cost of bananas, the cost of batteries,
what sorry, the cost of clothes,
whatever it is, it's all because of
transportation. That is one of the
biggest cost. So, you take that down to
near zero because it's autonomous and
it's batteries and eventually once they
have solar powered mega chargers, it's
free.
We're we're gold. This is going to
change the world. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it will. And this brings me, I think, to
my final point on this is that this
delay actually may have helped.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Because since 2017, we've had a lot
of inflation as you just mentioned.
&gt;&gt; The cost of transporting goods around
the country has gone up by a lot. Short
more shortage of drivers. This all the
issues that we had 10 years ago are even
more exacerbated now. And so we now are
entering into a market that's more
receptive.
And so while they could have maybe done
this earlier, maybe the market now is
truly primed for this. They're ready.
They're chomping at the bit for this
product whereas maybe five years ago
they weren't as much
&gt;&gt; maybe. Um,
okay. Thank you so much. That was fun.
Uh, you did a lot of research and all
these new technologies. Uh, that was fun
to go through each one of them. Uh, we
all remember many of them. They were all
delayed, but they all most of them I
think if not all of them changed the
world.
&gt;&gt; So, they were worth the wait. And I
think that that is the goal. That that's
the whole theme about this, isn't it?
Elon is often late. is almost always
late, but that's because he's inventing
something and he's doing it at scale so
that it will change the world when it
does come. Yeah, it was 10 years late.
It was 5 years late.
&gt;&gt; Are Netflix shareholders, Microsoft
shareholders, Apple shareholders upset
that all those products were late?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Not now.
&gt;&gt; They don't even remember that they were
late.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. Thank you so much, uh, CERN.
Always a pleasure and thank you for the
research you do. Check out his uh
company at brilliantadvice.net.
Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thanks Herbert.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbert.com.