Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Had a Wild Week of Mixed Signals
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fum38mXlTN0
Published:   2026-04-05 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-05 12:53 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There are uh demand considerations,
demand issues, and those create service
issues. Service issues, what are we
talking about? Well, uh Tesla sales are
surging in Japan, and that's creating
service problems, but it's also creating
service solutions. That's what we're
going to talk about. I got my buddy
Randy Kirk here joining me for the first
time today. Uh I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurasa.
So Randy, I don't know if you heard this
story, but Tesla sales are surging in
Japan. Now service is the problem. It's
pushing the brand to rethink after sales
support with plans to rapidly expand its
service footprint this year. Now this
article is from uh like now. It's from
yesterday, two days ago.
&gt;&gt; And uh what we're seeing is Elon has
already provided a big update on the
investment. Look, we're going to we're
going to roll it out, man. The truth is
people did not expect Tesla to do as
well as they have in countries like
Japan and Korea. They've got very strong
domestic markets. And that means that
they're not going to make it, man. You
can't compete against Toyota and Nissan
and Honda and Isuzu and Suzuki. I mean,
and Mazda. There's too many. You You're
not going to get a foothold. Hey, can we
get your cars? we really, really, really
want them. And the same in Korea against
Kia and Hyundai and others.
&gt;&gt; So, so let's let's uh unwrap that just a
little bit. So, typically over the
years, you've had the United States
sending over
cars that weren't even able to compete
in the United States as options to be
sold in Japan. But Japan, I've just I
actually just visited a couple years ago
Japan and and Korea. And those two
countries are the tech. They're tech
leaders. They're way at the top of tech.
Uh the individuals in those countries
love tech and care about tech. So now
what you're doing is you're bringing in
a car into South Korea. You're bringing
in a car into uh into Japan that is at
the top of the tech stack. has all the
latest greatest gizmos and and and
dooddads and promising more with FSD. So
why wouldn't the Koreans and the
Japanese be like all over it because
their own domestic providers? It's kind
of like the flip of the 1970s when the
Hondas were coming in and they were
uh the top of the stack. Now it's the
flip. The US is now shipping the top of
the stack to uh to Japan. Uh yeah, we're
seeing plenty of this with uh markets
getting a lot of love that wasn't
expected. Now, of course, we're talking
about the good, the bad, and the ugly,
or as I put it in the title, uh the
good, the bad, and the uh fire in a
showroom in Australia. Police
investigating Tesla fire in a showroom.
And somebody torched it. Why would you
do that? Don't do that. Um, and what I
especially love is that I, now I did not
know this about Australia, but did you
understand that people uh look like uh
this? Apparently, that's how they smile.
No.
&gt;&gt; Yep, that's it. I kid, it is April 1st.
I am permitted to do such things as of
the recording of this video. And uh
yeah, this is just a very brief
live stream to cover uh you know uh all
the news that gives me fits that I shall
print. There are
crazy people. I thought we were past the
fires.
&gt;&gt; Well, not past fires.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. So, um did you know that 10%
of the people in the world have an IQ of
less than 78?
&gt;&gt; What percent?
uh 10% 10% are 78 or less. I mean, it's
it's a bell curve. You know, you talked
about an S- curve a minute ago. Now, we
got the bell curve. It's a bell curve.
10% of the people in the United in the
world. 10% at least in the United
States. And I guess it could be more in
the world.
&gt;&gt; Um they can't find a single job for them
to do in the military. I mean, I thought
be cannon fodder and that would be
something, but they're saying no,
there's nothing. if they're under 78, we
can't even find cleaning out toilets,
&gt;&gt; you know, as something that they can do
effectively. So
&gt;&gt; when you take that into consideration,
you start to go, "Yeah." Oh, and there's
only 1% that are crazy enough to start
fires or only 0.1. It wouldn't take
0.001
for somebody to be nutty enough to just
uh three years later, whatever it is,
two years later, be still setting fires.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I hadn't thought of it that way,
but yes, that absolutely makes sense. I
my brother-in-law was a army recruiter
in the 90s and I said, "Yeah, when
somebody scores really low on the ASVAB,
what do they do? Front lines?" And he
said, "Absolutely not. Those people on
the front lines need to understand
safety tactics, uh, how to properly
maintain and repair firearms in the
field under pressure. The very thick
people do not go into those roles. No,
we keep them behind the scenes as much
as possible. If you're lower on if you
don't score well on the ASVAB, even if
you were just having a bad day, um they
keep them away from combat roles. And uh
and also I don't think they assign them
as arsonists. I don't know if that's a
position in the military. Uh if anybody
wants to let me know in the chat and and
I it's classified it's classified. My
uncle who didn't serve in Korea but uh
served during Korea uh was a radio
operator and he was asked during a a
meeting to get a promotion. The guy said
what does such and such stand for? And
he said um it's classified. He did not
get the promotion.
&gt;&gt; He didn't get the promotion.
&gt;&gt; No. No. because that's not how it works.
I mean, you tried, George. You tried.
Appreciate the A for effort, but
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure.
&gt;&gt; Uh uh, did you know Tesla's new patent
doubles the steer bywire rotational
range?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; What's that mean? They recent Tesla
recently published a new patent that
could change the way steerby wire
vehicles feel and operate with
multi-turn steering feedback actuator.
Credited to inventors Stephen Alexander
Harrisim and Joel Timothy Van Ruan, this
document outlines a new steering column
assembly designed specifically for steer
by wire systems. It allows for an
extended range of steering wheel
rotation while maintaining a robust
mechanical end stop. Uh so yeah, that
would be, you know, again, we're talking
the good, the bad, and the fire in
Australia. We've already covered the
fire in Australia. This is good, right?
&gt;&gt; Well, so yeah. So this this is a a a I
don't know. So I haven't tried stair by
wire. I haven't been in a uh in Oh yeah.
So I don't know. But but if you think if
you stop and think about it, if you only
have uh what is it from from uh 7:00 to
5:00 or something like that on the
steering wheel that you that you can do
this, you can only go this far. So that
gives you less incremental
uh you know amounts of turning. Um, and
you wouldn't be used to that giving you
a 100% the turn. So, I suppose it's
something you get used to because Larry
hasn't complained, Bradford hasn't
complained, uh, CERN hasn't complained,
&gt;&gt; and those are people with a lot of
driving experience.
&gt;&gt; All of them have had a lot of a lot a
lot of time behind the wheel in a Cyber
Truck. Uh, so that that's but the
incremental part I could imagine. Maybe
that's a little bit maybe especially
like if you're uh out on the um out on
the tundra and you want to be able to
make incremental decisions so you'd have
more incremental possibilities. Anyway,
I don't know.
&gt;&gt; I don't know either. Uh but I do know
that JD says uh dumb and crazy don't
have to uh don't have that much to do
with each other and I'm only one. So,
&gt;&gt; I'm the other.
&gt;&gt; Of course. Of course.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And of course, the old George
Carlin quote, look at the average
person, then realize that half the
people are dumber than that.
&gt;&gt; Oh, but ask them. But if you take a
poll, everybody says they're smarter
than average, better looking than
average.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Every every make more money than
average. Everybody.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, uh, we're all above average
on this blessed day. And I know, speak
for yourself, I'm all above average on
this blessed day. There we go. Uh, so
these are some of the good news stories.
Is there any good news I'm missing,
Randy? Because uh, we are not yet done
with this show.
&gt;&gt; I see. So you you so you're going to
catch me flatfooted here with with a
&gt;&gt; flat hooved for we are today the goats,
the greatest of all time. Do not catch
me flat hooved.
&gt;&gt; I see. I see. Well, um housing uh prices
are going down. Is that Are you
&gt;&gt; Is that for Is that for rents or
purchases?
&gt;&gt; All All three. Uh yes.
&gt;&gt; All three.
&gt;&gt; Whether you're renting an apartment,
renting a house, or whether you're
buying a house, all three are going
down. So, how is that? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Dan Ies said today uh he said Tesla is
now very likely to beat tomorrow. The
economy is defying the pundits. No, no,
I'm sorry. That wasn't him. What he said
was Tesla is expected to release their
quarter 1 production and delivery
results tomorrow morning. Wall Street is
expecting a delivery number like 365.
Uh but he's expecting more and he thinks
that uh that this is the last chance to
buy Tesla at a good price.
&gt;&gt; I would argue the price is always good
if people are paying it.
&gt;&gt; But I understand the sentiment. Uh,
&gt;&gt; well, I was just trying I'm trying to
get you some good news. Now, you know,
Troy, not Troy, I mean Dan Ives is never
bullish, so this would be unusual for
him.
&gt;&gt; Now, I understand you're a graduate of
the uh Dan Ies School of Fashion. Is
that true?
&gt;&gt; It's true. It's true. I took a little
different angle on it, but uh I was
going to put a green jacket over this
red shirt, but you know,
&gt;&gt; that's a bit much. Randy Kirk, SpaceX
IPO, what's going on? Oh, it's real,
man. So much so much is going on. So
this morning, um there was announcements
that there's now 21 banks involved. So
every banker and their friendly other
banker and the guy that they went to
college with and you know, everybody
wants in on this deal. This is of course
the largest IPO in history. We we are
almost certain of that. It's maybe by
double or triple. Uh 1.75 trillion is
the number that's being bandied around.
And then it's also going to have the
largest um uh dollar amount uh of of
capital raise in history. I think the
highest was around 37 and most of most
people are talking about 75 billion uh
dollars being raised on this on this
effort. So in every way, shape and form,
it's it's the biggest ever. Um and then
the NASDAQ the other day said that they
will allow Tesla to come in. Well, any
big company that uh has an IPO, they
they will allow them to come in 15 days
after the IPO is complete. Um, and that
is much shorter time than normal. And so
that has everybody that that is got a
NASDAQ index, meaning that they have to
get into the stock quickly after the IPO
or buy it during the IPO or buy it in
the pre if they can if they can if they
have a a pre the pre-IPO if they have
access to that or find some other way to
to uh protect themselves because they
could end up having the stock go
vertical as everybody is chasing the
stock in order to get it in their index
fund.
&gt;&gt; So that means uh what we saw with Tesla
and it's the S&amp;P's decision to preclude
it to exclude it from the uh in from the
S&amp;P 500 that was so hamfisted they said
well we can't because you have to do
these certain benchmarks or get us to
give you a waiver. Right? That that last
part that's the part we're talking
about. Why are you not making an
exception for what is clearly happening?
And then
the index fund sat there and watched as
Tesla climbs 2x, 4x, 8x. And uh
eventually it was something like 20x
over the course of two years before they
were allowed to buy it, which is, you
know, crazy. Why would you do that? Um
and it's pretty clear that those fund
managers are saying, don't don't do that
to me again. So Randy, what yes, go
ahead. Yeah, I think the S&amp;P also has
indicated that they're going to shorten
the window uh required to get in and
that that uh uh uh SpaceX will be
allowed in quickly after the IPO is
complete. So, that would just create
another round of people that have S&amp;P
index uh funds that they now have to buy
it wherever it is.
&gt;&gt; Well, that was my next question is if
the IPO happens and let's just use a
round number, $100. It's $100. Everyone
on IPO day buys it at a hundred and
let's say it doesn't move too crazy and
then 15 days later all the index funds
have to buy it.
&gt;&gt; That's what happens, right?
&gt;&gt; Well, you and you well, you've got 15
days in between. They know what's
coming.
&gt;&gt; So, we've seen that before, too. When
you know what's going to happen on a
certain date, now the stock goes up on
the way to that day. Um, yeah. So, I
think again depending on how crazy Okay,
here here's another situation with with
SpaceX. SpaceX is just like Tesla and
maybe on steroids in that there's no way
to value it.
&gt;&gt; You just just give me a number.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Tell me two and a half trillion. I'll go
out and I'll prove it to you. I'll prove
it's worth two and a half trillion. No
problem. Tell me it's five trillion.
I'll prove it. I'll prove it's worth
five trillion. I mean, the numbers are
absolutely stunning. as to what's going
to happen just with the communication
giving you know your laptop access to
the internet anywhere on the planet
giving your phone access immediately
right now to um texting anywhere on the
planet and eventually to a full-on
5G they're already they've already
announced that it's coming 5G anywhere
on the planet so if you just take that
into consideration you don't even talk
about what NASA's going to give them you
don't talk about the US Army's going to
give them you don't talk about what
other sovereign nations are going to
have to give them to put their stuff in
space. You don't talk about what the
other armies and navies etc in the world
are going to have to pay them in order
to have the communications capability
that they need to have in order to fight
a war today. You can't fight a war today
without Starlink.
&gt;&gt; Well, I I can do anything I want, Randy,
but that would be a short war is what
that would be. Uh we do have a great
question from Kevin. Kevin with the
super chat here. Thank you so much. What
do you think the cyber cab will do that
is cool? Fart. Light shows don't count.
So, I have an answer, but uh I'll give
mine while you think about what it might
do. But here's what I think it will do.
And get get ready to get mad because it
is a light show except in motion.
&gt;&gt; Except in motion.
&gt;&gt; It'll be a light show in motion. Put it
on a a track. If you know, is it
configured for a track? Great. We can
have a light show on the track. Is it a
parking lot? As long as the area is
sealed off, the cars can move while
they're doing the light show, that would
add a whole new dimension to it. It
would be an amazing thing to see.
They've got to have some cool factor.
And the best part is, you know what? I
really want to have a light show for my
uh grandpa's 80th whatever. Just order
it. Just order it. It'll just show up.
So, I think it will have a um hotel room
mini bar.
So, it'll work exactly the same way. You
open the door, if you pick it up, it's
yours, and it just it just hits your
hits your bill. Um since you won't be
drunk driving, you can get in, you can
get your uh Bloody Mary in the morning
or your martini in the afternoon or
your, you know, whatever you like. you
know, uh, maybe I'm sorry, it'll have to
be some of those little mixes, blah,
blah, blah. But, um, that's what I
think. A mini bar. Um, exact probably
the same piece of equipment you get now
to put in a hotel room. It might be able
to fit somewhere in behind the seats or
in the trunk or someplace and just have
that mini bar. And maybe you have to
order Yeah. a miniar car. Maybe you have
to order the version. I'm not sure.
&gt;&gt; It has to verify your ID. It can do that
with facial recognition. I I suggest
they put the mini bar on the airbag so
that if it does go off well uh maybe
that maybe maybe I'm overthinking maybe
that's not the best way to do it but it
is a good way to do it and I do hope to
see maybe not cyber caps but some kind
of autonomous vehicles used as food as
vending machines. our little town when
we have a little event, we struggle to
get
&gt;&gt; vendors out because the dollars just
don't make sense. We're too small of a
town. Wouldn't it be great if you could
just say, "Look, uh, send out the
vending machines
&gt;&gt; and they go back at night, restock, not
with a person, perhaps with an Optimus.
I don't know."
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; just thinking thinking out crazy.
Another thing I've thought about is
possible free rides or heavily
discounted rides in uh in cyber cabs or
in robo taxis based on being willing to
watch advertisements on your screen and
but you have to be able to answer
questions to after so they know you
watched it otherwise you could just say
you're watching it. No, you have to
answer a question. So you have to pay
attention. I've always, as a marketing
guy my entire life, I've always wanted
to be able to figure out a way to to set
that up so that you only get credit if
you can answer the question at the end
of the ad.
&gt;&gt; Well, to that I would say not today,
Satan. I think that would make the
driving experience genuinely terrible.
And I think that would be the worst
demographic. People who will do anything
to not spend money are not generally
good customers. Um, that would be a real
dystopian nightmare. I appreciate you
bringing it up. Uh, but I think that's
probably not something.
&gt;&gt; But it is a choice, Brian. It's a
choice, Brian. It's just like YouTube. I
can't believe the people in my audience.
&gt;&gt; Sophie had a choice who won't spend 1995
a month to get rid of advertisements on
their YouTube. Now, maybe they only
watch two YouTubes a month, but that
would be sad because they're supposed to
watch 90 of mine.
&gt;&gt; I need a break. Uh because because Brian
is streaming today until nobody is still
watching.
&gt;&gt; How is your streaming? Is your streaming
&gt;&gt; like clear or is it you know is it never
mind.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I get it. A bathroom break joke.
Good gravy. I did see a funny one, but
uh there is no time. The schedule must
go on. Thank you so much, Randy.