Channel:     electrified
Title:       SpaceX's Starlink MOBILE Is Happening (Huge) / SpaceX Acquires Mesh Optical / SpaceX Stock (SPCX) ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVhrNGWx0fs
Published:   2026-06-27 00:18 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-27 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host
Dylan Lumis. So, here it is today from
the Financial Times and Reuters. SpaceX
has told investors it plans to launch a
Starlink mobile service for US
consumers. This in a move that would
allow SpaceX to compete directly with
Verizon, AT&amp;T, and yes, T-Mobile, the
company that SpaceX currently has a
partnership with for direct to sell.
That partnership with T-Mobile provides
supplemental coverage from space to
extend internet access to remote areas.
But now SpaceX is considering launching
a Starlink retail product and could
build its own terrestrial US mobile
network. This apparently coming from
SpaceX President Gwyn Shotwell as she
told investors during the road show. And
remember, we actually talked about this
months ago. SpaceX did buy wireless
spectrum licenses from Echoar for
Starlink for about $17 billion and then
again for 2.6 billion a few months
later, giving it the ability to quickly
create a strong and affordable
directtoell service by using Echoar's
wireless airwaves. So right now SpaceX
already has these V2 mini satellites
that have been launching on Falcon 9,
but to date they've been primarily for
broadband internet access, mainly for
the overall Starlink internet system.
But as part of this current V2 mini
satellite series, they do have some
dedicated satellites for direct to cell
to communicate directly with cell phones
that are unmodified, meaning they don't
need any extra hardware. It works as is
now. And each one of those satellites
has a dedicated phase array antenna for
those cellular communications. And that
technology is powering the current
partnership between SpaceX and T-Mobile,
what they call T- Satellite. And as far
as we know, this directtoell partnership
between T-Mobile and Starlink is not yet
using those Echoar frequencies. SpaceX
has already been approved to buy those
spectrums, but they're being reserved
for the next gen of directtoell
satellites. And this is all directly in
the S1. You'll see it right here. V2
mobile satellites refers to the nextG
mobile satellites which are designed to
provide more comprehensive
satelliteto-mobile services including
broadband data and IoT connectivity
which we expect to begin deploying on
Starship in 2027. And the V3 satellites
are the nextG Starlink broadband
satellites which are designed to offer 1
tab per second of down link capacity per
satellite and they expect to begin
deploying those on Starship in the
second half of this year. But the big
news here is SpaceX might be developing
its own terrestrial network, meaning
cell towers for the inside and dense
urban areas. That's because at the end
of the day, we're dealing with physics
here. So these satellites are always
going to be very high up in the air,
much further away than a typical cell
tower would be. So when you're inside
with your cell phone with walls and
ceilings, no matter how good that
technology gets or the spectrum you're
operating in, it's always going to be
subpar relative to terrestrial networks.
And back to the SpaceX S1, in January
2024, we began deploying our Starlink
mobile constellation that uses separate
Starlink satellites with satellite
tomobile capabilities, substantially
reducing mobile dead zones around the
world. As of March 31st this year, our
dedicated satellite tomobile
constellation of about 650 V1 mobile
satellites provide satellite to mobile
data, over-the-top voice, and messaging
services to about 7.4 million monthly
unique devices across about 30
countries. And we've seen the posts like
this from Elon where he says, "Starlink
direct tier unmodified phone with no new
hardware required." But to date,
Starlink has been doing that in
partnership with cellular carriers. And
now if this reporting is accurate,
SpaceX will be looking to vertically
integrate. Elon also said Starlink
satellite direct to phone version 2
constellation will be much better medium
resolution video. And I'm just putting
some breadcrumbs together right now, but
we learned SpaceX is working with
chipmakers for Starlink cell service. So
SpaceX is already in the process of
working with cell phone carriers to get
the proper hardware in the phones. So,
right now, the directto cell service
between Starlink and T-Mobile works
because it uses T-Mobile's LTE and
current cell phones support that. But
with this new Echoar Spectrum that
SpaceX has purchased, that is likely
going to require new modem hardware,
which is exactly why SpaceX is
partnering with chip companies to get
these cell phone makers prepared. So,
the directto cell service from Starlink
right now in partnership with T-Mobile
has really been about filling in the
gaps. Rural areas or places where
there's really not great cell
connection. But now, the drum beat is
pointing towards Starlink wanting to do
all of it. Have the terrestrial cell
towers, whether they acquire a company
or build their own, which would be a
massive multi-year undertaking. But to
pair that everyday dense urban city
inside type cellular connection with the
remote, plug in the gaps, have coverage
anywhere where you can see the sky type
connectivity. And listen, I understand
why people are speculating that SpaceX
would acquire T-Mobile. It would just
expedite the process of SpaceX owning
those terrestrial cell towers and the
customer acquisitions, etc. However,
that could be in the neighborhood of a
$300 billion acquisition, which I really
don't think is likely. Part of the
reason is there is plenty of legacy
hardware and infrastructure likely at
T-Mobile. So, I think long-term it would
make more sense for SpaceX to pursue
this hybrid approach where it continues
to build out this satellite-based
directtoell communication and over time
selectively chooses terrestrial
locations to start building out that
part of the service. They can choose the
most dense locations with the highest
economic ROI and build out from there
wherever it makes the most sense with
the latest and greatest from a hardware
perspective. But if that's the approach,
there's really no way around it. That's
a multi-year multi multi multi-billion
dollar path. And that doesn't even touch
on SpaceX trying to acquire T-Mobile.
That would be a big regulatory hurdle.
Not to mention if SpaceX is also
planning to acquire Tesla at some point.
And back to the S1, we announced a
definitive agreement with Echoar to buy
its AWS4 and HBlock spectrum licenses.
And then they laid it out for us plain
as day. Even if the transaction is
completed, there can be no assurance
that our purchase of licenses from
Echoar will be sufficient to meet our
growing need for Spectrum licenses. And
we may be unable to find other parties
to provide us with additional Spectrum
licenses on terms acceptable to us or at
all. In the future, we might pursue
additional licenses in order to support
the expansion of our connectivity
services. And it's important to point
out that these spectrums from Echoar are
for direct to cell mobile service. These
spectrums are not primarily for
broadband internet. And I hate to be the
bearer of bad news, but naturally right
now you have big accounts saying that,
well, Elon is now going for the phone
after all, implying that SpaceX is going
to develop a cell phone. And I'll say I
think long-term there is a world where
they come out with some type of hardware
device, not necessarily a cell phone,
but something just with embedded AI. But
that aside, this news today about SpaceX
maybe building out its own terrestrial
network has nothing to do with SpaceX
building a phone. If anything here,
SpaceX would just be building out the
cellular network, not the device. And
I'll say SpaceX disrupting the likes of
Verizon, AT&amp;T, and T-Mobile is not an
easy thing. But the good news is
Cellular is a very mature, stable, and
high margin business. And I can't tell
you how many people over the past few
weeks that I've interacted with in
public that find out what I do question
the entire SpaceX story. But even
outside of the data centers in space and
the Terraab that most people do not
understand, SpaceX very clearly has big
ambitions here when it comes to being a
connectivity and communications
behemoth. So, we'll dive more into it if
and when we get more concrete
information, but this could absolutely
be a needlemoving news item. Also,
today, Elon has received regulatory
approval from the FTC to acquire Mesh
Optical Technologies, a startup founded
by former SpaceX engineers. Mesh
develops optical transceivers that use
light to transmit data between data
centers, offering improved power
efficiency and lower latency compared to
existing solutions. Mesh's founders
previously worked on laserlink
communication for SpaceX's Starlink
satellite internet system directly from
their website. Our goal is to advance
the state-of-the-art in optical
manufacturing, closing a critical supply
chain gap in hypers scale computing and
building the next generation of optical
hardware on Earth and in space. As far
as I can tell right now, no financial
terms have yet been disclosed. So to be
very clear, yes, Mesh Optical likely has
plans for inner satellite communication
in space in time. However, right now
today, the primary product is data
center interconnects on Earth, moving
data between servers and racks in
terrestrial data centers using light
instead of copper. So shortterm, this
acquisition could actually have a lot
more to do with Colossus and maybe even
Cortex with downstream effects for
certain learnings and technology to make
data centers on Earth even more
efficient and economical. And over time,
it sounds like the hope is that that
technology would translate to satellite
communication in space as well. I'm
seeing some people mistakenly say this
technology is to communicate between
data centers like Colossus 1 and
Colossus 2, but no, that's not what
we're talking about here. It is
intradata center, meaning once again
between the servers and the racks under
one roof. And right now, that's largely
done via copper, but mesh optical would
be moving that to be done with light.
And the main benefits moving away from
copper here would be better efficiency,
better power consumption, and less
latency. And of course, this is a big
deal for SpaceX's supply chain, as
roughly 60% of optical transceiver
manufacturing takes place in, you
guessed it, China. But I think even more
importantly, these optical interconnects
are actually becoming one of the
limiting factors for these massive GPU
clusters. And with plans for orbital
data centers and space-to-based AI, mesh
networks will amplify those shortages.
And yes, it would insulate SpaceX from
certain things like export controls and
tariffs, supply disruptions, and really
any reliance on Chinese dominated
assembly. And a fun fact, Mesh says they
were motivated by getting ahead of
national security risks in the AI
optical supply chain. But we should all
know by now Elon is all about the
vertical integration, favoring in-house,
tightly controlled production for any
key technology. Following up again with
the Starfall demo flight, we had Magnus
capture some photos, saying the Starfall
demo capsule was successfully recovered
off the coast of California following
its launch from Florida. The recovery
vessel Shannon brought the capsule into
the port of Long Beach, where it was
unloaded and trucked away for
post-flight inspections. Unfortunately,
SpaceX had the actual Starfall capsule
heavily covered. They're being very
secretive even though it's been
announced. But I wanted to close the
loop. The recovery was successful.
Today, Sawyer said the FTSC Russell will
be adding SpaceX stock to its Russell US
indices after today's close of trading,
which is a perfect time, I think, to go
over all of this lockup period that I'm
seeing so many people butcher online.
And frankly, this is one of the most
important mechanisms to understand when
it comes to investing in SpaceX over the
next 12 months. So, I put together a PDF
to try to explain it as simply as
possible. So, I have four slides here. I
won't go over every single detail, but
go ahead and screenshot each one if you
want to read the detail on your own. But
a key distinction, Elon owns about 6.4
billion shares, which is about 49% of
all of the shares. So that's his
economic ownership. But because of the
dual class share structure, meaning all
class A shares get one vote and all
class B shares, which are mostly all
Elons, get 10 votes per share, Elon
actually owns around 84% of the voting
control of SpaceX. But the easiest way
by far to think of this, just break down
all of the shares into three different
buckets. Number one, we have the current
public float. The shares that are
available trading on the market today.
Those are all class A shares sold in the
IPO. We'll call it 639 million shares,
roughly 5% of the overall SpaceX shares.
Bucket two, we have the 180day early
release block. These are employees and
early investors that are going to have
their shares unlock with a staggered
cadence over the rest of this year. The
size of this bucket 2 is about 4.6
billion shares or about 35% of all
SpaceX shares. And all of this bucket 2
is going to be fully released, meaning
freely trading on the market as of
December 8th this year. That's 180 days
from the IPO. And finally, the third
bucket is the over one-year group. We'll
call this the extended block. And
there's two different portions here.
Most people I've seen talking about this
only have this as Elon shares, again,
that 6.4 4 billion shares of his. But
there's also a separate 1.76 billion
share block here. So combining those two
in this third bucket is about 7.8
billion shares total or the remaining
60% of the company. And this final third
bucket is to be fully released, meaning
fully tradable on the open market
sometime around quarter 2 next year. Now
the second slide, this table A, this is
only showing that bucket number two, the
180day early release block. So again,
I'm not going to go line by line here,
but screenshot if you want it. This just
shows each tunch and the calendar date
for when that block of shares is set to
be released. And it's pretty
straightforward. It'll show you the
percentage of this block of shares.
Again, this table completely leaves out
bucket one and bucket three. So this is
the number of shares that will be freely
tradable and on the date. It'll tell you
the percent of the overall company
shares, the cumulative percentage of the
block and the cumulative percentage of
the company. So again, right now after
IPO, we have about 5% of the company
shares trading. And the next unlock is
going to be in August of this year,
shortly after the Q2 earnings, where a
large 20% of this block will be
unlocked, which is almost 7% of the
company, which will take the cumulative
percentage of SpaceX shares of the
company that are trading freely up to
11.8%.
And if you guys want me to go into the
weeds in a future video, I'd be happy to
explain this conditional block. It just
has to do with the SpaceX share price on
the days leading up to the Q2 earnings.
If it's above a certain price, an
additional 10% will unlock. Then if it's
below a certain price, which is about
$175,
then that 10% of shares wouldn't unlock
until day $180. But you can see the two
big releases of this block of shares
will be in August this year, and then
the next big one would be November of
this year. the first one after Q2
earnings and the second one after Q3
earnings. And one thing I want to put
out there, I understand why plenty of
people are saying SpaceX stock is going
to crash throughout the next few months
as these unlocks happen and these shares
become freely tradable. And yes, there
will absolutely be some downward selling
pressure. However, number one, just
because these employees and insiders can
sell their shares doesn't mean they're
going to sell all of them. These are
SpaceX employees we're talking about and
I'd imagine they have high conviction in
the company. They know what's coming
around the corner and yes, many of them
will want to sell at least a portion to
lock in some level of security and take
advantage of the valuations. But
ultimately, I'm just saying we don't
know who's going to want to sell what.
And secondarily, as you can see on slide
four here, there will be buying pressure
over the next few months as SpaceX is
continually added for trading on
different indices. Some of which has
already happened. As Sawyer said, the
Russell will happen later today. And in
the weeks ahead, we have indices like
the MSCI World and the NASDAQ 100. And
don't forget the biggest one of all, the
S&amp;P 500 did not give SpaceX any early
entry eligibility. So, all of the
passive buying for that index won't
happen until next year, but that could
actually work out because that could
help to soak up some of the exit
liquidity for when Elon's shares unlock.
And this is the final slide, table B,
which is showing only that bucket three
for Elon shares and that separate
portion for other employees and
insiders. So, it's the exact same
situation. It's pretty straightforward.
It'll show you the percentage of this
extended block only. So this portion in
the green is that other portion and then
the red row is all Elon. But primarily I
just want you all to have the calendar
dates for when these shares are set to
unlock. And Elon's portion roughly 49%
of all shares he has no early release.
So 100% of his shares are set to unlock
on June 12th next year, one year after
the IPO. And then the float curve will
just show you the percent of all company
shares that are tradable and at what
date. Right now we're still at around 5%
as of August this year. That'll jump to
15% and go up from there at each of
these milestones. Meaning 100% of SpaceX
shares will be freely trading by August
next year. And by the end of this year,
around 40% of all SpaceX shares will be
freely trading. So I hope that's
valuable for you. I have seen so many
people talk about Elon shares in that
bucket three and completely leave out
the separate group of about 1.7 billion
shares of other employees. So those are
very important dates to understand which
will contribute to some level of selling
pressure but again to some degree it'll
be offset by the buying pressure from
index inclusion. So, let me know if you
have questions. Happy to talk about this
more in depth in a future episode. To
explain that Tesla Semi video doing some
slip traction control testing in Alaska,
Dan Priestley said, "Let's talk vehicle
dynamics control with high resolution
sensing and precise multi motor controls
developed in house. The Tesla Semi
provides torque and stability even on
the trickiest of winter surfaces." And
he did say, "It's hard to see in the
video, but the trailer is loaded. a
concrete block over the fifth wheel and
solid steel bars on the rest of the
trailer. He said, "Low center of gravity
load for this kind of testing." And the
Tesla Semi account listed the incentive
programs for the semi just in
California. The HVIP program we've
talked about numerous times gives you
$120,000 off each semi for up to 20
trucks. And the California Clean Fuel
Rewards gives you an additional $120,000
off each semi. No max truck purchase
limit and no scrapping required.
Stacking allowed with HVIP for small
fleets only. Available starting today.
So yes, that's a potential $240,000
off the purchase price. We're confident
the TCO total cost of ownership will be
superior without incentives like this.
But with them, it's not even a
conversation. With all of the chatter
about memory and Micron and the major
shortages and Apple price hikes, I just
want to remind everybody that Elon did
clarify the Terrafab will be looking to
produce over a terowatt of compute every
year, including logic, memory, and
packaging. I saw some people out there
asking if the Terapab would cover
memory. The answer is yes. So yes, once
again, Elon saw the bottleneck months
ago and decided the Terapab was
essential long before other people knew
there was a problem. We've been saying
it's going to take longer for the cracks
and the real crumbling to start
happening at Legacy Auto, but here's an
early sign. VW is weighing cutting up to
100,000 jobs and closing four plants. VW
is considering shutting four German
factories. To be clear, though, they're
just weighing it. It sounds like it's
not a done deal. In absolute terms,
laying off 100,000 people and axing four
assembly plants would be the largest
restructuring in automotive industry
history. They're saying the aim is to
fundamentally restructure the 89year-old
company, including spinning off the core
BW brand and parts operations into
separate entities. And they said the
high costs are merely a symptom, not the
cause. They do not address the root
cause, which is weak sales. Sadly, we
had to know headlines like this were
coming, but we have clueless senators
like Blumenthal now demanding Tesla be
held accountable for the alleged
self-driving crash. It's just like these
people are leading our country and they
can't be bothered to do a little bit of
fact-checking to understand what's going
on here. It's all just narrative
warfare. And honestly, sometimes I just
can't believe the world we're living in
and the info wars and how many people
put out terrible misinformation,
disinformation, or just outright lies.
But unfortunately, that's just the world
we're living in. And we each have to do
what we can to fight for the truth. And
separately today, Tesla did settle a
lawsuit that involved a crash back in
2023 that was using FSD. This one
happened in Arizona. There was an
accident. A lady got out of her vehicle
to try to help direct traffic and Tesla
on FSD was coming around a corner. There
was some serious sun glare at the time
and sadly the car did not stop and hit
the lady and she died on the scene. So,
we don't know the settlement details,
but I wanted to share because this
investigation was upgraded to an
engineering analysis and is actually
still open. So, it has not yet been
closed. And Tesla's own SGO reporting
did have FSD active as part of this
incident. So, of course, the FSD of 2023
is not the FSD of today, but please just
remain vigilant. And it's kind of a
shame that things like this don't even
register for us anymore as Tesla
investors, but as Sawyer said, analysts
are expecting Tesla to deliver $46,000
vehicles for Q2 and to deploy 13.8 gatt
hours of energy storage. Tesla stock
closed the day at $37,9.71,
up 1.22%. And SpaceX closed the day at
$15323,
up.15%
all while the Nasdaq was down 1.09% on
the day. Hope you all have a safe and
enjoyable weekend and a huge thank you
to all of my Patreon supporters.