Channel:     hansnelson
Title:       Abundance or Bust: AI Stocks & The End of Money
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VGhmNKrCnk
Published:   2026-09-04 17:49 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-05 11:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It's Friday. I'm back with Hans. Hans,
we got to stop meeting like this. Hans's
links are below, by the way. And he's
streaming on his channels, too. How are
you, buddy?
&gt;&gt; I'm doing great. It's been a fun week.
&gt;&gt; Too bad fun. He has a couple a couple of
elephants in the room we're probably
need to going to have to discuss. And
just for everybody to know, this is part
two of our show. Last week, we set the
stage for all things AI, our concerns.
We talked about power, frontier models,
all of that stuff. And this is the
deeper dive to answer more of the
questions that you all have. And the
story today is abundance or broke. We're
going to talk about where we're going in
the future. Is this abundance things
real? And what will be disrupted as we
go along. So, let's jump in. And a big
thank you to the mods in the chat, too.
But before we jump into abundance of
broke, let's talk about one of those
elephants in the room and that is cyber
cab event yesterday. The question is,
how impressed were you or was it a
complete nothing burger? Yeah, I think
it was interesting. Um, it was hard to
know what to expect as far as like
there's this whole media embargo. What's
going on? Um, I don't understand what
the deal with that was, but you know,
the thousand foot view, and I I
certainly wasn't there, was that they
really wanted to just highlight get
people in the cyber cabs and get them as
much experience riding in the service as
possible. And so, the presentation
wasn't a whole lot to that. It seems
like it was almost just like a
celebration event for the Tesla team
that's been working on this. um and you
know some of the YouTubers and other
media influencers, you know, to get to
spend some time together. Um I'm really
curious to get to hear more from all of
the people who got to talk to the
engineers about some of the details that
um they were able to learn on the back
end of things there. But my biggest
highlevel takeaways that I haven't heard
a whole lot of other people talking
about um except for you know a
relatively small number is that 17%
week-over- week number that we can back
into in growth in the uh unsupervised
self-driving miles. And the fact that
they called it unsupervised self-driving
miles to me says that they're counting
you know these are dead head miles in a
large number of instances. But I think
that's okay at this stage right now. So
they don't have necessarily paid rides
for those miles. But they are able to
operate the Tesla Model Y's and
presumably quite a few cyber cabs now in
Austin completely unsupervised. No one
in the car and they're able to gather a
bunch of data. And so growing from where
we were at, you know, in the low
hundreds of thousands of miles on the Q2
earnings call uh a few however long that
was ago, six weeks now, I think. Um and
then passing 1 million miles as of
yesterday is when we know it happened.
You that means that we're we're just
growing incredibly fast. and 17% week
overw week. If you were to annualize
that, and I'm not suggesting that this
is the number that they're actually
going to hit, but if you annualize 17%
week over week, you get to a 2600x
from the beginning of the year to the
end of the year on an annualized rate.
Um, and so that's just an incredible
growth rate right now. Um, that means
that I think it's very reasonable to
assume that we will exit 2026 with over
5 million miles, potentially as much as
10 million miles if we can sustain the
17% week-overweek. Um, and so that's
just absolutely huge growth in miles.
And it means that Tesla is going to be
able to validate new releases of the FSD
software in real time on real roads at a
much higher rate. And that means that we
can continue to sustain development of
new FSD models to solve. Like we know
that there's going to be corner cases
that make this a hard roll out to really
be able to deliver, you know, millions
of miles in cities all around the United
States.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think Yeah. I think bigger
than that, too. But the stock did get
dinged today because of that Nitsa news.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Of the two and a half thousand limit.
And that is they'll overcome that. The
question is how long will it take? Will
it take 30 days or is it completely just
FUD or could it be a longer term
problem? And I think what Tesla should
do if I was them, I'd focus on markets
that are acceptable
&gt;&gt; or accepting of, you know, safety and
autonomy. Like there's places like um
what's the name of a place with the
famous Japanese rose festival or the
spring blossom festival or something?
They have an aging population. They have
no cab drivers anymore and nobody can
get around because the young people
don't want to drive cabs.
&gt;&gt; You know, just drop a couple couple of
thousand there in Japan. I'm sure
there's places in Europe that would be
arms wide open to it too. And then
there's people in need all around the
world that need mobility.
&gt;&gt; So there's so many use cases just to
&gt;&gt; But when I hear about government again
putting sand in the gears, I get so
frustrated. your take on Nitsa
just
&gt;&gt; yeah it is somewhat concerning and
especially when you think about the the
TAM that the cyber cab is going into and
the number of entrenched players that
are there you know whether it's taxi
unions which we've seen be very
influential in places like New York when
Uber was trying to penetrate there like
these things do happen and it is hard to
maneuver around them but now you have
companies like Uber that are also
entrenched and they have their interest.
So, I think um yeah, people inside of
the Tesla community shouldn't
underestimate the amount of resistance
that there can be on the regulatory
front because it will be well funded and
well supported by competitors and the
opposition. Um so, yeah, I would say
that it it is somewhat concerning. That
said, uh to your point, there's, you
know, places that they can go,
jurisdictions where I think they can
prove things out. And ultimately, I
think it's a matter of getting the um
ground swell of political support from
people. You know, what we saw the Cyber
Cab launch event was that the Cyber Cab
was significantly cheaper than both the
robo taxi Model Y's and Uber. And so if
you can get the message out to people
that hey like these big rich companies
like Uber are trying to steal your cheap
transportation from you then they might
be able to turn the tides on that front
&gt;&gt; and and Whimo is 25 to 100% more
expensive than Uber which is even
funnier and people are scratching like
hang on a second driverless cars and
that's supposed to save the biggest cost
of the car which is the driver and why
is it twice the price? It doesn't make
any sense. So, the world is completely
upside down and bonkers, but let's get
into our agenda. We like to move fast
here and answer all the things that are
top of mind for everybody.
&gt;&gt; And we have a banger again. This is part
two of last Friday's video. Thank you
again for being here, Hans. Uh, this
one's called abundance or broke. These
are the big things that I think about
all the time. You think about and I
always position, you know, I'm born and
raised an investor and the only thing I
obsess about is what the world will look
like in 3 to 5 years. where the money is
flowing and where to position myself.
That's it. Not hard. And uh let's talk
about this. Of course, anything we say
here is not financial advice. Let's get
into the big one first. And this is kind
of a Tesla SpaceX story. And then
there's so much talk about bottlenecks
and gaps. We touched on some of it last
week, but now there's talks of there was
no chips. A year and a half ago, chips
were the bottleneck. Then it became
power. Now it's memory. Now it's the EUV
ASML tools to build chips. And then we
have AI building chips quicker and
taping them out than chip companies can.
So the question is what what do you
think the world will look like in 3 to 5
years? How long will it take Tesla
SpaceX to get Terrafab up and what's
going to happen in the meantime? We
we'll get to Jalapeno later and all the
other developments. Um, and then we'll
talk about the Chinese, what they're up
to as well. But when would you, if you
had to put a line in the sand, when
would you think Terapab would spit out
their first chip? And they're starting
with the mini fab first and then the big
one afterwards.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I definitely think they're going
to try and get something out of there
quickly. Um, but the question is what is
that thing that they do? And one of the
items that you haven't uh put on the
slide here is you know there's all of
the bottlenecks that you just mentioned
but there's another bottleneck and that
is advanced packaging. So there's like
creating the bare silicon wafer to begin
with. Um and that is true for you know
both the AI
processing unit whether that's a CPU or
a GPU. It's also true for memory chips
that you've got the you know core wafer
itself. But then there's um how do you
put all of that together into an
integrated system? And TSMC has led the
way on packaging for the most part over
the last few years. Um and packaging is
one of the biggest bottlenecks at TSMC
right now.
&gt;&gt; And packaging is also one of the
bottlenecks for memory.
&gt;&gt; And aren't aren't they doing all of
these discrete activities to build a GPU
for Nvidia all in different places, all
at different times? like the memory is
assembled in one place, the
&gt;&gt; yes
&gt;&gt; the the wafer is assembled another place
and then the the packaging is another
place and then maybe there's a whole
bunch of power and cooling has come to
another place
&gt;&gt; and then it's all brought to different
places and assembled in one place.
&gt;&gt; I think when when you look at that whole
food chain,
&gt;&gt; there's got to be a lot of
ineffectiveness and inefficiency
throughout.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And so yeah, as Elon's looking at
this whole system of things that needs
to be solved and Terrafab being one
thing that can do all of those things in
one place and really start to eliminate
some of those bottlenecks, I think that
packaging might be the place that he
starts. And so we may see that that mini
fab um will begin with packaging and
then expand into wafer fab so they can
do fab and packaging together in the
same place. Um, and I would not be
surprised to see something in the next
one to two years actually come out of
that facility. Um,
&gt;&gt; the baby one.
&gt;&gt; The baby one. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; But probably just on the packaging side.
And that would I think it's the lowest
hanging fruit for them to tackle. And
it's also one of the highest because
packaging while it is hard and it is
complicated, it's not as hard and
complicated as you know a two nanometer
process um for TSMC's most advanced
wafer fab or what goes into doing the
the b the base silicon fabrication for
logic either for um for memory
&gt;&gt; because and the other the other big
thing that's hard to nail as well is is
there a way of them overcoming the ASML
lithography tooling
with a different approach cuz that that
seems to me
&gt;&gt; like the biggest and hardest thing like
if there's a monopoly on the planet them
and Zeiss are it.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. And I don't know, you know,
Zeiss is going to be a really hard one.
So ASML,
their core, you know, technology is the
way that they're able to produce this
EUV light, which is just extremely
extremely short wavelengths of light
that are extremely precise. Um, and
there's a whole lot of engineering and
science voodoo magic that goes into
that. It involves machine gunning little
tiny tin droplets uh through a vacuum
and shooting them with lasers a whole
bunch of times. And it's it's just
ridiculous what they've been able to do.
But it's not the only way to produce
light at those very small wavelengths in
a consistent way. Um, one of the things
that there's been a lot of talk about
for a number of years is called free
electron lasers. And so this is
something that Elon confirmed that the
Terrafab is looking at um trying to put
into production use. And if they could
replace the light source in existing
ASML machines,
um, you know, the biggest, hardest, most
complicated piece of the ASML machine is
this part that produces the EUV light.
And if they could replace that with, um,
a free electron laser, you could
actually have one. So right now in every
individual,
&gt;&gt; you explain to the audience free
electron laser what that is.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; I don't know.
&gt;&gt; Yes, I will. I will. So in every
existing ASML machine there is that 10
droplet machine gun UV light source
machine.
And one of the things about free
electron lasers is that they're
relatively large. They're not. Um, so
it's basically, you know, if you think
of a particle accelerator for anyone who
knows what a particle accelerator is,
are these big giant rings and they are
they use a whole lot of power to
accelerate very small particles of um
atoms. So whether that's photons or
electrons or um all these things to
extremely high speeds. So a free
electron laser is kind of a smaller
version of that. Usually it's done in a
straight line. So they're linear um
particle accelerators rather than
circular ones. And they they don't have
to necessarily be very long. Um but if
you want to create large amounts of EUV
light, you do get into larger machines.
Um and it's just not really pragmatic to
put those inside of one ASML machine.
But what you can do is you can create
one of these large free electron lasers
that it it concentrates um electricity
along a line and then it vibrates the
electrons side to side as they are
moving forward and the side to side
vibration that it's achieving using
magnets mostly uh creates then it makes
those electrons emit light photons and
depending on the frequency that they're
wiggling them back and forth. They can
specifically tune the wavelength of the
photons that's coming out of those. And
so that's how they're able to produce
light at a very specific wavelength. Um,
and then they can take that and split it
off and they can extract the light from
this electron beam. And so they can do
this um in a a large way and create
centralized production of EU EUV light
almost like electricity and they can
pipe it into individual ASM
ASML lithography machines. And so I
think that's the long-term plan is to
create a large free electron laser here
at the Terraab and then to use that one
free electron laser to supply every
single lithography machine on the whole
campus. Just like uh you know almost
think of it like a power plant that
supplies electricity to all of the homes
in an area. This would be, you know, the
light power plant of all of the
lithography machines in the
manufacturing facility.
&gt;&gt; Back to power again.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; So, with with all these changes and
disruption, what I'm trying to get at
here is you've got all these players,
you got the Microns and the Nvidas and
the TSMC's and the ASMLs, etc. What
happens if Terraab and Elon Musk or some
other entity figures a way around
this the simplification of chip creation
without all of these complex tools and
processes and vendors in the mix? What
would happen if that happens in 3 years?
We know the world is changing very fast.
And by the way, I always think ahead and
it's like we're getting very close to
2027. Add three years to 2030. Y
&gt;&gt; and everything will be completely upside
down by then. We might all be learning
Mandarin at that stage if the Democrats
have their way in the United States to
ban AI. Literally, people couldn't
believe that Bernie story yesterday. You
know, 20 years imprisonment for anybody
who creates
intelligence that's better than a human.
I mean, I've never heard anything so
Marxist in my life who is next level.
But we're not going to go down that path
because we don't talk politics on this
channel. But these are important things
to be aware of. Um, but what happens if
there is a massive disruption? What
happens to all the trillions in market
caps of these entities? What happens if
like last week we spoke about your best
riskreward which is Nvidia?
&gt;&gt; What happens if they get disrupted?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think so one of the lessons that
I've learned from watching how Nvidia
has like what it is that Nvidia is
accomplishing right now and this is even
true of you know what Elon does with
Tesla and maybe to a lesser extent with
SpaceX but it's not just about what can
you do but
what is the system that you can bring
along with you and what's the ecosystem
that you can create and I would be
shocked if Elon was able to have this
thing that just completely eliminated
the entire need for the ecosystem that
Nvidia has created and is powering. Um,
so I would think that this would be
something that layers on top of more
likely than just completely eliminates,
you know, companies like ASML, companies
like Nvidia. um that there's a lot of
like I said in the last episode a lot of
area for collaboration between these
companies and entities. So like the free
electron laser thing that I just
mentioned you know the other part of the
lithography machine is still really hard
and really complicated and it involves
those very special Zeiss mirrors that
are incredibly um difficult to to
manufacture.
You know Zeiss still has a place in that
world. I think I you know I can't see
that they don't and then if ASML has the
prime relationship with Zeiss to put
this into a machine then that still
creates a lot of surface area even for
Zeiss or I mean for ASML to be a
beneficiary like because the the
bottleneck of this tin droplet EUV is
eliminated. Maybe they can actually sell
more machines than they sold before and
just focus on doing the all of the
things that are involved in moving the
chips and the I mean the wafers and the
laser back and forth to achieve all
these fine grain details on these low
low resolution um features for for chips
and logic.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; it's funny you mention it's funny you
mentioned Zeiss by the way because
Bloomberg picked this up yesterday. the
CEO of Zeiss, he said that the Chinese
are roughly 15 years away from building
their own cutting edge versions of what
ASML has because of their impossibly
complex mirrors you referred to. Now,
they'll still be able to build 7
nanometer chips, but getting to the 2
nanometer is going to take 15 years, but
I would argue nothing in this world will
take 15 years any longer. I think that's
that's extremely talking my own bag
book. I'm in bed with ASML and they're
going to keep me rich for the next 50
years till I retire type of thing. I
thought that was a bit bizarro, but and
I wouldn't fade the Chinese either.
&gt;&gt; Thoughts on that one?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I would agree with that. That you
know, anything that you think is going
to take 15 years right now, um
I there there's very few things that I
think will take 15 years
&gt;&gt; anymore. So, and I would not
underestimate, you know, the the ability
of China to employ AI to accelerate
solving this. The ability of China to
marshall a lot of human capital and
expertise to throw at this. Like these
things are
not as hard to replicate as they are to
build the first time, I don't think.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, but that said, yes, it is it's
still incredibly difficult and it's
something that we do have an advantage
on and that relationship with Zeiss that
ASML has, I think, continues to put them
in a really good position for at least
the next three to five years, you know,
potentially longer than that. Um, I I
would feel very comfortable as an ASML
shareholder over those time frames, even
knowing, you know, all this stuff that
Elon's working on with Terraab.
&gt;&gt; Um, yeah. And and the rumor has it too
that Elon has secured ASML product.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And he has to like even even if he
has the end goal of completely doing
in-house lithography that is you know a
multi-year project and if they have you
know the first viable prototype of
something like that that exists in the 3
to 5 year time frame that still I think
they're you know more than likely just
fab capacity is going to be one of those
things where it looks a lot more like
Tesla's 4680
production or that, you know, they're
buying as many batteries as they can get
from as many people as they can get and
building their own. And I think it's
probably going to be similar dynamic
when it comes to chips.
&gt;&gt; A little bit of good news regarding
Tesla though. It's coming off the floor.
It's rebounding and the price of Tesla
right now is higher than it was on
Wednesday. So, it's just, you know,
people people freak out about crazy
things. But let let's let's keep moving
and chugging along. And I think I I
think I said the word in a video
yesterday, chering along, and somebody
said that means to puke. I thought it
meant like
&gt;&gt; maybe something else like trundling
along, chugging along. Anyway, other big
news is
&gt;&gt; and this what what makes this
interesting, it takes you back to the
whole thesis of how to position
ourselves for the future. Now, the team
at OpenAI partner with Broadcom. In full
disclosure, I own Broadcom stock. It's
part of the I13. AV goes the ticker, but
they had a record breaking fast tape out
of their new chip, Jalapeno, which
allegedly is better, cheaper, faster
than an Nvidia GPU.
But if AI can now create chips and AI
potentially can create new frontier
models,
what happens to the frontier model
companies
and what happens to bottlenecks?
Like this takes on so many different
dimensions when when AI is spinning
stuff up. But for years I've said
there'll come a time maybe when AI or
some kid with AI in a garage can spin up
a better blockchain better than Bitcoin
or Salano or Ethereum real fast. Um but
again they won't have the network effect
or adoption which is the hard part. But
this took me a back as well. I'd like
your take on that and what it means for
&gt;&gt; what's going to happen with the frontier
models as they go forward. Are they
trying to become hyperscalers? do they
now realize that their IP can fit on a
USB key like we discussed last week
&gt;&gt; um and they need some way to hedge
themselves when even if they could build
their own chips they would still need
again there'll be bottlenecks over at
Broadcom there'll be bottlenecks with
power bottlenecks with memory y
&gt;&gt; so where does this all go
&gt;&gt; yeah I think that the bottlenecks really
you know they do constrain the
possibilities here and it this is a
great data point to show that
using AI, a company can tape out a great
chip that works for, you know, a
specific use case that they have. But
one of the challenges that a company
like OpenAI is going to have relative to
NVIDIA or relative to hyperscalers
is, you know, unless they're able to
just grow the overall
size of that computing workload, then
they're always going to be a smaller
company that customer than a hyperscaler
or an Nvidia. And then especially for
Nvidia because Nvidia is a general
platform. You know, one of the reasons
why Jalapeno's able to outperform on
OpenAI's one inference workload is
because it is a chip that's designed
especially for that one job. And it
doesn't have to have all the overhead
that a Nvidia system does that supports
all kinds of different jobs. you know,
it supports that exact job for OpenAI
and then a similar job for Anthropic and
then a similar job for Grock over at
SpaceX. Oh, yeah. And a similar job for
Gemini over at Google, even though
Google has their own TPUs. Oh, yeah. And
a similar job over at Meta. And so that
broad support for all of those different
jobs is one of the things that makes it
very doable to have a chip that performs
better on a job than Nvidia chips will
do on that job. as long as you can get
the the CUDA support underneath it and
&gt;&gt; and and before you jump further and
that's why there's you got to break out
the difference between the different
types of chips in the future. So Nvidia
chips, the GB, the Ver Rubins, whatever,
they'll be op optimal for training. But
99% of the future is inference. That's
real-time thinking on your feet, like a
car driving like a row humanoid robot
picking up a tray or something like
that. If 99% of the chips are going to
be inference chips to do 99% of the AI
workload,
won't there be a huge cottage industry
of custom chips for custom humanoids,
custom cars, robo taxis? that type of
stuff.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I do think in the if you're
talking about inference at the edge
applications, 100%. Um, Nvidia still is
really good at doing inference though
when it comes to large quantities of
inference in the cloud. And so, if you
don't need whatever you're doing
inference on to be local,
then it's going to be cheaper to do it.
So like security, if you have something
that's secure, you need that or low
latency. And so you know, things like
robo taxis, those need inference on the
car just so they can operate at the low
latency necessary to make those
real-time decisions. Um, and so you're
not going to ever really do significant
inference for the cyber cab in the
cloud. But if you don't have to have it
local, it's always going to be cheaper
in the cloud. And once you go to the
cloud and you're operating, you know,
tons and tons of different workloads
across tons and tons of different
applications, you can get economies of
scale on your inference token production
and you can drive your cost down. And so
Nvidia is exceptional in today's
regime of artificial intelligence at
delivering some of the lowest cost
inference tokens. Even with these
systems that were kind of initially
designed for that training workload,
they've been able to make their
adaptations
um to also excel in the inference cloud
workload.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, it take and one of the
questions which I would hope somebody
asked yesterday to the engineers at the
cyber cabab event which they probably
didn't ask but it's been on my mind. I'm
sure it's been on your mind too is
there's a huge amount of cooling within
the actual cyber cab. I don't know if
it's because Austin's very hot right now
or if it's to cool the chips if they're
running inference while they're not
being used or parked. They're plugged
into a supercharger and they got
Starlink bolted onto the back. That
becomes a whole node unto itself. So
that that's a huge market that people
have been probably not questioning or
ignoring for years, but I know it's on
Elon's mind. Yeah, Elon has definitely
mentioned that a number of times that
you know if you look at the cyber cabs
and then the Optimus robots that that's
a very large pool of compute that is
going to be out there and you uh you
definitely want to utilize it to the
maximum extent possible.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Okay, let's get back. So,
jalapeno, did that take you by surprise
or?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I would say the speed that they
were able to get it out is the the most
exciting thing about it. Um, I think
that the they're still going to have a
hard time getting capacity for chips
like this from all of the fab. like, you
know, they're going to get an allocation
from Broadcom, but are they going to be
able to grow that allocation to a point
where it competes with and takes share
away from Nvidia? I would say it's going
to be pretty hard to do that since
Jensen's already out there making, you
know, billions and billions of dollars
worth of deals with all of the suppliers
who do control memory supply and all of
these upstream bottlenecks. Like by the
time that Sam and the Open AI team
discover what the bottleneck is going to
be, that caps Jalapeno's ability to take
share.
Jensen was there several steps ago and
already snapped that up.
&gt;&gt; He said a very very funny comment at a
conference uh about his moes and he was
not at all threatened by jalapeno.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And so
&gt;&gt; yeah, and I don't think that they should
be in, you know, just to flip the thing
on its head, you know, right now OpenAI
is trying to compete with Nvidia.
They're trying to, and I don't know,
maybe you don't even call it competing,
maybe just call it diversifying their
supply chain, trying to increase their
amount of leverage that they have in the
relationship with a company like Nvidia.
And all those things are things that you
like, you can't be a responsible CEO of
a company and not explore all of those
avenues. Um,
&gt;&gt; but on the flip side, Jensen also can
compete with his c like if his customers
want to compete with him, then that kind
of gives him a license to compete with
them and he can go produce openweight
models that compete head-to-head with
open AI models with anthropic models.
We've seen them con uh increasingly
doing that over the recent years. And um
I do expect for that effort to increase
and for the demand for you know
sovereign US-made frontier open-source
AI models um to just grow and I think
Nvidia is in the best place to
manufacture and deliver those and it
obviously makes sense because you know
those workloads have to run on hardware
still and so if they can increase the
total demand for tokens then that
increases es the demand for their chips.
And so he's got all the incentives in
the world to do that. And um and maybe
maybe if you do that, you increase the
demand for tokens so much that all of
the NVIDIA GPUs get sold and all of the
Jalapeno GPUs get sold and all of the
Google TPUs get sold and all of the
seems to be what's happening. Exactly.
The question is how much will a million
tokens cost because the cost of those
things are going to zero.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And the question is who's going to foot
the bill for that? And there's a very
funny meme about that one. We're not
going to touch that either. But then
when I go back to open AAI and look at
the history and nobody in Silicon Valley
here trusts Sam Ultimate at all. But the
whole Stargate debacle, you know, half a
trillion dollar investment to build 10
gawatt with Oracle and Soft Bank, I
think, and uh that all fell by the
wayside. Now they're kind of have left
building out their own compute. now
maybe building out their chip as kind of
a stepping into it. But the big question
is after all this noise, you're not
worried about your Nvidia position,
you're not worried about Micron, you're
not worried about ASML at least for the
next three years.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Nope. Yeah. And like if I was, you know,
if we had expanded that threeyear time
horizon to five years, I probably would
have picked SpaceX over Nvidia. And I
think SpaceX is do incredibly well
inside of that time or that three-year
time frame, too. Um but yeah, I think
all of those things are are pretty
pretty safe for the uh foreseeable
future unless we have some, you know,
magic physics breakthrough that no one
is expecting yet.
&gt;&gt; Ex and there will be I mean physics is
already being broken by AI. Mathematics
is being solved by AI. Cancer is
hopefully a lot more cancer will be
cured by AI. It's a very exciting
abundant future with a couple of
nuances. That's you you stumbled on this
Tesla SpaceX. Uh, a lot of the questions
that people have is
how do you play this? What do you buy?
You know, we have now Cyber Cab running
live. We've got Optimus. I know two
people that I've met personally that
I've seen it. They one says it's creepy.
The other one says it's absolutely
sublime. The semi-truck is ramping. They
have that that event, which probably be
another nothing burger. But the point is
they've already have something like
1,600 orders for the semi-truck. So
everything they make for the next year
or so will be sold. I think the capacity
is 50,000 in Nevada, but I don't know if
batteries will be a bottleneck for these
things because they suck up nine times
the amount of batteries a Model Y takes.
Uh and then of course hybrid cabs. The
big news yesterday for me, the most
exciting thing wasn't the growing 17% in
terms of robo taxi miles. What was
exciting is the fact that people can buy
their own fleets. So if they can build
the cyber cab at scale for $15,000,
which they say that was the target at
scale to get to maybe 18,000, sell them
for 30 35,000,
they can sell these things all day long.
They don't even have to bother selling
Model Y's and Model 3s and Cybert trucks
or maybe even semi-truckss anymore
because people like me will queue up and
buy them. That was that was a big
takeaway yesterday. That was the most
exciting news. And I filled out the form
and applied. I'm sure you did the same.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the I mean the question on that is
is going to go back to that Nitsa thing
that we talked about earlier and where
can you deploy them because you know
people who want to deploy a fleet
&gt;&gt; are going to want that question answered
&gt;&gt; 100% before they you know throw down
&gt;&gt; and that has that has to be solved
within 30 days. The head of the
transport US do department transport
show on something
&gt;&gt; uh he's all on board. It's either
innovate or get left behind. The Chinese
will take over. That's the big story.
So, there will be a lot of pressure from
Trump and the administration to get that
thing through in the next 30 days. But
the question people have is what's the
better value now? Like SpaceX has so
much goodness coming, so much incredible
growth, so much high margin growth
potentially. And then they both have so
much stuff that they joined at the hip
on like humanoid Optimus, which would be
very much required for SpaceX. SpaceX is
buying a ton of mega packs. uh if and
when SpaceX
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And SPA and that's all it's all
joined at the hip. When SpaceX buys
Tesla or merge with Tesla, there'll be a
premium. That'll be the 40 to 60% I
reckon, which is normal or else
shareholders will not accept it. And
that's the call option in the future.
So, you're already seeing much more
tight activity between the Tesla SpaceX
pair chart. It's kind of like ratcheted
onto each other right now. Um, but
anyway, how do you see this whole
playing out? Um, and if you had a gun to
your head with 100 grand, which would
you buy today? Would you go 50/50, 100%
one, 100% the other?
&gt;&gt; Oo. Yeah, I'd probably go 75% SpaceX,
25% Tesla today. But part of that is
just driven by the fact that like right
now I probably have 90% Tesla, and 10%
SpaceX, if if even that. Um, and so I
haven't Yeah. like I'm a really boring
investor, especially compared to someone
like you. Um I just kind of buy things
and hold on to them for a long time as
long as I'm not scared about the future.
Um and I'm a lot less scared about the
future than most people. So like my my
risk tolerance for being able to go
through downward volatility is uh is
extremely high. Um so
&gt;&gt; you're like a Warren Buffett guy. If you
can't stomach a 50% downturn, you
shouldn't be in the asset.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. And um yeah, and I only
I'm only invested in people that I know
can take the pain and can turn those
into huge opportunities um moving
forward. So yeah, I think I would go
with I'm just a lot more excited about
the I think the near-term and the
long-term future of SpaceX than and
that's both because of the SpaceX
component and the XAI component. um of
SpaceX AI. So yeah, I would I would lean
heavily in that direction. The as far as
buying out Well, let me come back to
Tesla for just a second. I think I'm
extremely excited about Cyber Cab and
the regulatory
uncertainty is the big overhang there.
Um, I am very bearish on near-term
timelines for Optimus and I know that
people are really excited about what
they're seeing, but what they're seeing
are still demo units and demo tasks. And
in my mind, those are still prototypes.
Like, in order for Optimus not to be a
giant money-loosing
project, every Optimus that's
manufactured has to produce a positive
ROI. In order for that to happen, that
optimist needs to be able to do useful
physical work for hundreds and thousands
of hours at a time with little to no
maintenance. And that's the thing that
you're never going to get any visibility
into with any single demo that you know
until you put this thing in a factory.
You spend however much it costs to buy
your your robot and then it has to do
more work than it cost without costing
you then more on maintenance. And the
hands specifically are really hard on
this standpoint. Like the hands are the
most expensive thing to make and they're
also the easiest thing to break. And if
those hands can't do whatever the jobs
are, like maybe there are lowhanging
fruit jobs that it can do and it can
produce a positive ROI and as long as
you don't produce more bots than you can
allocate to those jobs, you can keep the
whole project on a positive ROI. Um I'm
just yeah, like I'm heavily discounting
the timeline on Optimus Robots at least
until 2030. Um, I do think that Elon is
like the production line that they're
putting in. They're 100% going to make
bots off of that. They're going to be
putting those things. They're going to
be finding what all the edges are.
They're going to break it. But I expect
all of that to be a giant money losing
project for a number of years still. And
I don't think that the, you know, I'm
not excited about it as an investment
opportunity for Tesla until there's
visibility on that project turning to
positive ROIC.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's interesting you say that
because if you
look at the progress from the Chinese
players and even some of the American
players like Figure AI,
&gt;&gt; they are solving stuff very very quickly
and they don't even know how to
manufacture at scale. So when I take
that perspective and I talk to people
who have been in the Fremont factory,
seen the production line and seen this
robot and what it can do,
&gt;&gt; they're freaking mind-b blown. And they
know they're going to get to a million
production probably by the end of 2027.
&gt;&gt; And maybe 30,000 of these will go into
some Tesla academy to learn from each
other. That's kind of the big vision.
&gt;&gt; But I wouldn't I wouldn't be holding a
breath till 2030 till we start seeing
big results in these things because they
will be deployed in Tesla operations.
They'll be probably deployed in SpaceX
operations and then supplier operations.
We may not have one in in your backyard
cutting your lawn and for a while, but
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; Hey, if someone can show me a hand that
can do work for 6 months without having
to be ripped and replaced,
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I'll I will fall on my sword and I and
I'll be really excited, too.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well Well, the thing is, if you've
seen one of the things that also gives
me confidence, you look at how Tesla
have made vehicles. I've got a 7 plus
year old Model X outside. It has never
had a problem. Zero maintenance. It's
like it's the most beyond perfect. I
used to have other cars like BMWs and
Mercs and stuff. They'd be in the shop
every 12 weeks
&gt;&gt; costing me $2,000 a visit. And I've
never had that with with any of the
cars. There's three of them out there.
&gt;&gt; All absolutely flawless. So, I think
it's very bizarre. But this actually
this so the quality of what Tesla make
will be second to none. Therefore, I
think I know you're a hand bear. I'm
going to call you the hand hands the
hand bear,
&gt;&gt; but I think they've got that figured out
too. And then
&gt;&gt; one one thing on that before we move on,
the the huge benefit that this hand has
that no Tesla manufactured hand is going
to have is biology heals this thing.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And we don't have, you know,
self-healing mechanical, you know,
electromechanical
hands. Um, and and that is the big So,
even if they can mechanically do
everything that this hand can do, which
is, you know, a ridiculous engineering
challenge. Um, the lack of that
self-healing capacity is going to make
this really, really hard.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But think about this, too. Uh,
this thumb was amputated in the year
1994 in a sailing accident. It doesn't
work. It's on my hand, but it doesn't
feel anything, and it can't do that.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; I'm a meat puppet. Okay.
&gt;&gt; I have three Yeah. very messed up
fingers on this hand under some
&gt;&gt; but the point is we are also fragile.
Yes, they can heal but only to a certain
extent. So that's Anyway, enough hand
talk. This just came in this live tweet
from Gene Monster here. Nitsa needs a
wakeup call. And the question for Nitsa,
why slow the roll out of autonomous
vehicles when the best data and all the
data they have say is seven to 10 times
safer than human drivers. So again, I
believe
&gt;&gt; we'll get rid of that thing. I believe
that thing will that whole FUD thing
will go away, but let's get back to our
agenda, get through all the questions.
So Tesla versus SpaceX and you have we
now know your positions in Tesla and
SpaceX and what you do and everything
allocations. I always stress as well
with investing allocations matter. But
let's talk about frontier models and AI
and we're not talking about Grock
because Grock is different. And I think
one of my theories regarding Grock
because it's a truth seeeking AI and
truth can hurt humans feelings if there
is a regime in power. The first thing
they're going to try and do is block
true seeking AI because the stuff it
will tell you will shock you and it will
absolutely destroy all forms of media,
television, politicians, speeches, all
that type of stuff. So that's the big
thing that we need to be aware of. But
one of the other things as well, I I
have a very hard time cuz people go to
like chatbt and they ask a question
related to finance. It'll give them an
answer that's completely wrong and then
they'll go to it'll give them the same
answer. They're all learning from the
same Reddit article or whatever which is
all garbage. Um, so how do we deal with
a situation when all these AIs excluding
Grock which is very different and you
can ask the same steamy hot spicy
question to four different AIs. you get
three answers that are kind of the same
and one is very different and one will
ruffle your feathers. But what does a
trustworthy setup look like? Where do
you see these frontier models going? So
I think you know one thing to recognize
in this is that the reason that there is
so much commonality between the
different models is because they are
trained in the same way by people with
basically the same set of assumptions
and beliefs.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. between Gemini Claude and Chatg
GPT. Um,
and part of that was because training
was basically just done on all the
information that was available on the
internet. Now we have we hit our walls
with that here over the last year and
now continued improvement of these
models is not done by just ingesting
more data from the internet. There's a
lot of other things that we're doing
after that now. And so I think there are
um a diversity of approaches to what do
you do after that and I think those
diversity of approaches will then
produce models that actually have their
own flavor and character in a different
way than we have seen before. Um and
then if you add into that yeah like now
you've got SpaceX who it has, you know,
it's built by different people uh with
different set of biases and assumptions
and beliefs. uh you've got a lot more
open source models that are being
created and all of these powerful models
can be used to create data for post
training and they can be consumed by
different players in different ways and
in different ratios and so I think
&gt;&gt; would that be synthetic data
&gt;&gt; it is yeah some of it's synthetic data
um some of it's just going to be
verifiable so like all the stuff with
math and code where as long as you have
a game that's easy to score then you can
use that to create synthetic data that
is um stuff that's higher quality like
it's not data that's just data that's
out there on the internet but it is
verifiable and true and uh that helps
you to improve your performance on a
number of things and then you know
solving math and code then gives you
reasoning that you can go back and apply
to other domains
um and yeah it's Uh it's just really
exciting now that there is starting to
be some diversity of thought in how all
of this is done. Um and different people
are able to try different things again.
So we've been centralizing
the both the attitudes and the methods.
Now we're decentralizing the methods and
the attitudes. And so I think there's
going to be a Cambrian explosion of
different types of of models in the
future.
&gt;&gt; Awesome. for some really fun comments
here in the chat too that I'm bringing
up. All right, let's get jump on. We're
going to get into the section now where
we're going to talk about abundance. Uh,
a lot of people talk about
AI is going to bring about tremendous
abundance. And when you think about it,
the simple way I I describe abundance to
people that think it's BS is, okay, now
all of a sudden for $20 a month, you
have a,000 PhDs in your back pocket.
You couldn't do that a year and a half,
two years ago. That's where we are
today. So that itself is abundance. But
the concern people have because there
are two trains of thought. One is AI is
going to take all the jobs and no AI is
going to build more jobs than ever
before. Um we'll we won't tackle that. I
I don't agree with some of the David
Saxes of the world and the Shamaths and
everything else. I think they're told to
say certain things, but if AI does take
a lot of jobs, who pays these people? Uh
how will UBI be paid for? Will there be
taxes on AI companies and taxes on
compute, taxes on tokens? Who knows?
Taxes on harnesses
and there's a lot to uncover here. So,
we'll tackle those two first real quick.
Well, so I think one
option that what we're seeing right now
is that you know a lot of new companies
that are AI first companies are growing
faster than any other companies have
like any other cohort of companies has
in the past. Um, and so while there are
going to be large companies that
end up going bankrupt and those people
being put out of jobs, there are new
companies creating revenue, but then
they're staffed by fewer numbers of
people.
I do think that there's going to be jobs
for
people in those new things that are
human jobs that don't necessarily
require skills in using AI, but actually
they're going to want humans with
judgment to then be inputs into the AI.
Um, so I think that's going to reduce
the overall number of people who have
lost jobs due to companies going
bankrupt. um like I think those are
going to get absorbed
at a meaningful fraction but not
completely. For the rest of everybody
else um they're going to go to the
government and they're going to demand
payouts of some form or another. Um and
then the government is going to go and
they're going to take money from whoever
I think is politically out of favor. So
I think that's the real answer to you
know who pays those people. It's whoever
the politicians can frame as the the bad
guys that need to be
taken from um and unfortunately or
whoever the politicians can exploit. So
there is the public narrative around
who's being exploited and then there is
the non-public reality and the
non-public reality is that most of the
money that the government is going to
use to pay people is going to be
generated through money printing which
means that it's going to be paid in
inflation by the poorest people in the
country. Um so yeah I think that's the
unfortunate reality of the way that
that's going to go
&gt;&gt; and that takes us to scarcity. So a lot
of my investment thesis is around
scarcity. Uh it's how I was attracted to
Bitcoin in 2017 because it's scarce and
I know there's a lot of money in money
printing that will chase
&gt;&gt; you know scarce goods
&gt;&gt; and also when you bring in the human
psychology of this too scarcity turns
the lizard brain into something that
fears threats. So if that's scarcity of
jobs, the human becomes afraid and
therefore the politicians can prey on
their fear and get voted into office.
And that's why the whole ban data
centers, ban AI is now very popular
narrative. And the big question is
though, do you believe then that
scarcity makes people selfish?
&gt;&gt; Oh 100%. Yeah. Fear, you know, fear is
the number one
driver of a scarcity mindset.
And yeah, if you if you have an
abundance mindset, you are much more
open, much less fearful, um much more
magnanimous towards other people. Um
&gt;&gt; so, so how do we teach people to have
and this there's a guy called Peter
Diamantis who's great on this who's all
about the optimism and abundancy mindset
and a very interesting fellow. How do we
teach Neanderthalss
to have this abundancy mindset and not
be afraid?
&gt;&gt; And I always as well it's like
investing. Scared money don't make
money. You know that old expression too.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I didn't know that one, but it it
that uh you know it resonates with me
because that's you know one of my key
skills in making money in investments
over the long term is just don't be
scared.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
So anyway, any quick oneline answer and
how we can make Neanderthalss?
&gt;&gt; Um, I think they have to encounter it. I
think they have to encounter it. And I
and I think this is the huge surface
area that you know these these AI
companies that are able to generate
large amounts of
profits, c capital, and assets uh with
very little human, you know, which with
much lower human labor input. Um, I
think there's an opportunity for them to
go direct to the people in ways that
they distribute their own excess
profitability. Um, and I think they're
going to need to if they don't want to
become the targets of, you know,
political
mugging campaigns.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, and if they do that in a way
that helps to that helps people to feel
seen and cared about and their needs
provided for that that is one of the
things that can help you know these
people who
are controlled by fear to
&gt;&gt; actually not be as afraid.
&gt;&gt; A classic use case as well. I met a guy
in the dog park walking the dog in the
evenings and we got to talking and I
asked him what he does and he basically
manages
uh security and smoke alarm and toxic
air alarm things and lighting systems
within hospitals which are very very
important to keep make sure there's no
fire and all the sprinklers work and all
the alarms work and different lights and
noises for different types of
&gt;&gt; risk factors. But there's a very complex
switchboard that runs the entire alarm
system for the entire hospital which was
a complex I think it was a Swiss machine
tied into another American machine and
he had to troubleshoot the problem
because the alarms kept going off and
they couldn't get the specialist that
could run the Swiss machine in. So guess
what he did? He went to AI. He found the
answer in 20 minutes going back and
forth. Solved the problem. now his boss
thinks he's an absolute genius
so he's going to get a promotion
everything it's just there's so many
ways of how people can grab some
abundance and that's just a story from
yesterday uh I think is just completely
fascinating so everybody if you are
talking to somebody open their eyes to
&gt;&gt; how they can get promoted and become
abundant okay future of money this is
also very interesting this ruffled a lot
of feathers it hit a lot of magazines
and Elon said these three things which I
found very interesting because it means
what I do is a waste of time if he's
right. There actually isn't money in the
future and there's abundance for
everybody. The whole play the guitar
around the campfire with marshmallows,
everything's going to be fine. Money
will have no value. I agree with that
because it's being debased to hell. And
then the other thing regarding
abundance, if you can think of it, you
can have it. So he did say I think is
the year 2038 or 2035 when all this
would hit 2036 sorry 10 years from now
he said this would hit. So do you buy
into this or is it BS? It's one of the
one of the areas I must in full
disclosure right disagree with Elon but
I do agree that money will take a
different form. It'll be something
digital tied to power, electricity,
compute, oil,
that type of stuff.
So I I agree and I disagree. I think
there are some intrinsically
scarce things.
Um but I think what those things are is
going to change. So in terms of
physical goods and the majority of all
services, I think he's probably right.
And then I think the role of money in
those things goes to zero.
But there are other things and humans
love to play status games um and that
yeah
so and neural link is going to so this
is the one area where I don't know how
how does Neuralink and the hollow deck
interface with what I'm about to say but
but I do believe
&gt;&gt; I didn't know what a hollow deck was
until a week ago when I asked Grock in
the car what a holiday was because I
don't watch TV and I didn't know what
Star Wars was or any of this
But that is apparently something in a TV
show. So
&gt;&gt; yes, so in Star Trek for the
uninitiated, there is this hollow deck
that people can go into that's basically
just virtual reality on steroids that
you know, anything that you can imagine
you can
&gt;&gt; like a Facebook metaverse.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Yeah. The the metaverse before, you
know, long long before. Um and I mean
the other way to think about it is the
matrix. So, you know, you just plug you
jack in and then poof, you're in a in a
virtual world that is so good that you
can't even tell that it's not the real
world. Um, but you know, one of the
things about humans is that we we enjoy
competition, we enjoy games, we enjoy
relationships with other people, uh, and
we enjoy status. And I think there are
competitive there's scarcity that exists
in all of those realms. It's like
there's only one person who can be the
best, you know, home run hitter in the
world. There's only one person who can
be the best pitcher in the world.
There's only one person who can be the
greatest of all time basketball player.
Um
&gt;&gt; I think we got a sports fan in the house
here.
&gt;&gt; And so, well, those are Yeah, those are
just one example. You know, there's only
one Jimmyi Hendris. um if you want to go
to a different uh category and so I
think experiences
like that that a lot of in-person things
a lot of real things a lot of real
estate like um there there is going to
be limited real estate in the future and
so that's what money you know economics
is
just the system that we have for
allocating scarce resources and money
always has a role in economics And so I
think money will always be involved in
mediating exchange in things that remain
scarce. And I think that there are
things that are going to remain scarce.
Awesome. I love that answer. Uh now
we've got some recommendations regarding
Star Trek and season 1 through six and
everything else. So let's jump to our
next little quick topic as we get close
to wrapping here. G20 presentation. This
is going to be two slides about some
things that were said and I do agree
because I'm already seeing when I
analyze the S&amp;P 500 earnings. The costs
are going down, revenue and profit are
going up. And I point at AI for doing
this. So AI, digital AI, etc. is going
to increase GDP. And Elon did a G20
presentation which had some great stats
in it. Here's a quick summary. Coding
goes Stockfish in 12 months. That means
there will be no human on the planet
that can code as good as AI. Done. I
think you I see your head nodding. So
you agree with that. Digital AI will
create 20 to 30% of world economy worth
20 to30 trillion
hundred trillion dollar world economy.
AI will have that
&gt;&gt; over what time frame?
&gt;&gt; Two to three years.
&gt;&gt; Interesting. I might take the under on
the time frame but not by much.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. uh humanoid robots and a big part
of this is the humanoid robots which
goes back to our previous question
regarding Optimus. When will they hit
scale? Because these things, not only do
you have digital Optimus, the macro hard
stuff of you of the computer being your
kind of eyes, brain, keyboard, whatever
screen, but the humanoid will 10x the
economy further.
&gt;&gt; I'll take the over on Grockbot and I'll
take the under on Optimus.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Can you explain to non-gambling
people what the over means and the under
means?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that Grockbot is going to
well outperform expectations for SpaceX
AI um in terms of revenue and
capability. Like I don't think people
are appreciating how gamechanging that
is going to be, how much token usage
it's going to create, how much
productivity it's going to create. That
thing is a monster and I I'm extremely
excited about it. And then you know
going back to my earlier comments about
optimist hands I think that the
expectations about you know millions and
millions and millions of optimists in
the next 3 to 5 years is probably over
optimistic. So yeah I think you're going
to underperform that expectation gro I
love that it it is uh quite incredible
and the acquisition of SpaceX of Cursor
was a blinder. Absolutely. I think
that's going to go down in history right
up there with YouTube as one of the best
acquisitions of all time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that team is brilliant. Absolutely
brilliant. If you've ever tried to set
up a clawbot or something else that all
that stuff has became redundant
overnight two weeks ago,
&gt;&gt; which is interesting, but the real
interesting the robot math is, and this
goes back to your hand as well, the
hands handbear story. Usefulness of a
humanoid robot is a function of three
things. the AI software, the brain, the
AI chips that run the machine which
drive the brain, and the hand dexterity.
That's it. And Elon said,
&gt;&gt; and hand longevity. We need to add that
fourth one in there. It's Yeah. Know how
long, you know, does it cost you $1,000
every time that it jams its finger or is
it, you know, $5, $10? Yeah. You know,
if it's five or 10 bucks, no big deal.
You know, if it's 500 now, now we have
problems. Well, I I played devil's
advocate with you again. Look at the
electric motor within a Tesla again.
It'll do a million miles. No problems,
no service, no nothing. You think they
don't know how to make things last? I
think
&gt;&gt; I know that they know how, but the
question is, you know, it's just has to
be so small in that form factor that
that means that you're pressing on like
the,
&gt;&gt; you know, if they had an unlimited
weight budget 100%. But they don't. And
so just with inside of the engineering
envelopes of all the tradeoffs they have
to make, you know, to have the dexterity
and the reliability.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And the power efficiency.
&gt;&gt; I think one of the specs they do have
for the two hands is to be able to carry
25 kilos or 50 kilos. I can't remember
which one. Do you remember? I get
confused between pounds and kilos as
well, by the way.
&gt;&gt; But I think
&gt;&gt; I want to say it was 25 kil I feel like
it was 50 pounds. So yeah,
&gt;&gt; that sounds about right. 50 kilos is is
a lot of weight for a little a little
actuator. And the other angle of this
dovetailating onto the G20 is the impact
on labor. And I had AI spin up a little
mind map for me, but this is and I'll
blow it up big for the audience so they
can see. But this one is AI's ability,
and I already see this happening live in
front of my very eyes from week to week.
But AI's ability to perform human level
mental work is growing by 10x every
year. And the math behind this is either
SpaceX or Anthropic or both could
possess the equivalent of 1 billion
digital workers, white collar, very
smart workers by the end of the decade.
I'm interested if you would take the
over or under on this one. Basically,
two firms could recreate the brain power
of the entire human population.
That's a lot to think about. Yeah, that
is a lot to think about. Um,
it's not impossible. Yeah, I would have
to dig into the the actual numbers
there. Um,
&gt;&gt; this is taking like the S1 from SpaceX,
the macro hard, the TAM, the things you
said at G20
&gt;&gt; and creating a little soup out of it,
&gt;&gt; putting it all all together.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Well,
one thing that we know for certain is
that right now, you know, anyone who has
worked in a company, you know that there
are a lot of things that your company
does that are really dumb.
&gt;&gt; And if you've worked at
a lot of companies, most of what your
company does is really dumb. So like the
surface area and opportunity to do
things smarter, use less resources to
make more products and services is
really high. And AI is good at finding
and fixing those problems. Um, and
increasingly so. Um,
and so if you take that and then you add
Yeah. and we're going to add like a
whole bunch more labor to the lump of
labor that can do useful work, the
future does get really exciting in terms
of the total amount of products and
services that are available for people.
And if you know, as long as the
government doesn't print money at even
more ridiculous rates, then uh you know,
maybe maybe the pie of goods and
services increases faster than the pie
of the money. And so you're
&gt;&gt; well,
&gt;&gt; inflation doesn't get out of hand.
&gt;&gt; And this is the abundant story. So you
take the billion brains on the planet
that do all the work. You know, there's
eight billion people in the world, but
seven billion really, I don't want to be
offensive to
7/8s of the planet, but it's only a
billion people that actually add any
value. The rest live off the billion
people. We're going to double that
billion people to two billion highly
productive
tireless workers
which means there has to be a lot more
production abundance
&gt;&gt; and and also open up you know one of the
reasons that it's limited to that
billion is because so many people live
in places where it's just really hard to
have economic opportunity for a whole
variety of reasons
&gt;&gt; strong is coming that'll help.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So the the combination of Starlink
and ubiquitous access to free artificial
intelligence
lowers the bar on who's able to actually
create excess value for other people. Um
and so I think that's that's really
exciting.
&gt;&gt; Awesome. Roy Jones has a quick answer
for you regarding your hand problem.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I think that's brilliant.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; made in China cheap replacements and
that'll happen too. I mean, we'll all be
getting cheap replaces for our brain
with Neurolink and other things, too.
So, the future's crazy. Okay, final
final thing very quick and then we wrap.
We'll try to keep it to an hour, of
course, or slightly over, but people are
okay with us being slightly over because
they love what we talk about. There's a
quick fire round, like literally one
sentence answer. One thing AI cannot do
today that I might be able to do in 6 to
12 months. What's your money on?
um
just even longer horizon tasks like it's
100% you know it gets longer and longer
all the time and so now if it can do 12
hours you know six months from now it'll
do 24
okay so recreate Chrome browser and
stuff is already possible we've seen
they can build a jalapeno chip very
quickly what else could be on your wish
list
&gt;&gt; well so one of the things that once you
get into that yeah I think you start
opening up a lot of opportunities in
biological and chemical research. Um,
which is both exciting and scary, but I
think on balance over the long term,
that's going to be really good for
humans.
&gt;&gt; Actually, that brings me to a side
question going down the negative rabbit
hole. If people can find cures for
cancer or diseases, they can also create
viruses and bioweapons and stuff. Are
you concerned about that part? I am
concerned but I think the same vector
that you can use to create attacks you
can also create defenses
&gt;&gt; um and it will require like it will
break a lot of systems when that happens
um but yeah we we'll have tools
&gt;&gt; we'll get Fouchy online one for that one
kidding little bit of a dig there one AI
healthcare name you would actually
invest in we're seeing huge
breakthroughs from the AI sector again
we saw The MADNA story on solving
melanoma cancer the market cap tripled
of a very large company tripling
overnight unheard of in the past. So it
takes me down a different path is what
other breakthroughs could happen in
healthcare? Are you invested in any
healthcare names? Do you believe AI will
completely revolutionize this industry
also?
&gt;&gt; So I I do believe it will um to the
extent that regulation doesn't get in
the way. the regulation getting in the
way is something that I don't want to
think about and so I don't invest in the
AI health care space. Um I might be open
to it if there was one that was you know
operating in a domain that was
unregulated. Uh but it's just yeah as
far as opportunity cost I don't spend
any of my time researching or thinking
about that area of application um
because it's depressing.
&gt;&gt; Awesome. A quick question from Sven
here. How can Optimus do the dishes?
Waterproof hands or gloves? They've
actually solved that. That's a big part
of their spec.
&gt;&gt; I would assume that the spec is
waterproof out of the box.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. And they do have the new
Optimus 3. Little secret here.
&gt;&gt; It does have a waterproof dextrous hand
with temperature sensors, uh, weight
sensors and stuff on the fingers just
like a human hand. They've basically
replicated the human hand. Okay.
Interesting. Again, another dystopian
question. Should robots have their own
network so we can shut them off without
killing the internet? Should there be a
dedicated internet 2.0 just for
&gt;&gt; robots?
&gt;&gt; Um like a version of Starlink like for
example Starink two versions. They've
got the US military version.
&gt;&gt; Yep. So I think they're that's
definitely going to be possible. I don't
know if it's uh positive or negative
because, you know, if they have their
own network, I'm also somewhat scared
that they're
&gt;&gt; having their own conversations that are
not being well monitored. Uh
&gt;&gt; what's what's the name of the network
from the Terminator?
&gt;&gt; I I don't remember. It's I was a kid
when I saw those. Yeah, someone will
bring it up.
&gt;&gt; You're aging yourself. Uh it's something
like somebody will have it here. Um I
know that'll come up. We'll pop it up in
a second. Cool. Good point. Uh, Skynet
was the name. Thank you. Serious Skynet.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; But it's funny how
&gt;&gt; I don't know why I for Yeah, that I knew
that and I I forgot.
&gt;&gt; It's strange how all the sci-fi fantasy
movies are all coming true all at once.
Very bizarre time of your life. Final
point, there is a convergence of worlds,
the whole crypto world and AI agents.
You know, you mentioned Grockbot.
Grogbot is now enabled to do things for
you, buy stuff for you, negotiate for
you, secure things for you, plan events,
book travel, and they'll be using crypto
to do so. And we've seen a huge
explosion in X42 agent transactions. The
leader by far at the winner takes most,
as everything else in the world, 93% of
all transactions are ran through a
network called Salana. I don't know if
you're a crypto guy at all. I don't
think you are, but do you believe Okay.
No, actually I do have Salana. I've had
Salana for a long time. Uh it's one of
those things. Uh I don't have a lot of
it, but I have some. And I It's one of
the things where I'm just going to hold
on to it and see whatever happens. Uh I
think it's certainly possible. I do
think that Elon's bots are going to be
using X Money um instead of Salana.
&gt;&gt; X Money runs on X Money runs on Salana
for payment transfers. By the way,
&gt;&gt; it's a I did not know that.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Very few people know if you
analyze the actual receipt and ticket,
you can see the actual uh chain address
and it's a Salana address. So
&gt;&gt; that's exciting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So hey, I learned something today and
another reason to hang on to my Salana.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. So our worlds are colliding and
hands. That's very good. Sirius is very
happy you own some Salana. So you earned
a lot of points here with the audience.
Well, that's a wrap, my friends. Uh it
was a really interesting show. I hope
you all amplified your intelligence.
That's what we do here. Hans, any final
final words from you? Do you enjoy these
conversations?
&gt;&gt; Oh, I love these conversations. Yeah,
it's great to think about, you know, how
how the world is changing. Um, and I
think, yeah, just for for the audience,
&gt;&gt; um, my encouragement would be, you know,
think about one way that you can make
other someone else's life a little bit
better um, with AI. And I think if we
all do that, that's going to be one of
the things that helps keep this whole AI
alignment problem much more attractable.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And don't believe the CCP FUD
that's spread on social networks to
dissuade you against things like data
centers and stuff.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; If the Chinese don't want the Americans
to have data centers, ask why.
&gt;&gt; Building them at a very high rate
&gt;&gt; and they got way more electric that than
the US ever will have. So big thank you
everybody. Thank you to Mlin in chat.
Cyber sniper Shan D TND Tesla K8. You
guys rock. And of course uh Mary
Magdalene Piper and Hale Ka. I
appreciate you all for coming. And Sven
and Carsten and the whole gang from all
over the world. We got people watching
in Australia, all across Europe, South
America, US and Canada. Nobody in Mexico
I saw today. But anyway,
&gt;&gt; thank you. Don't forget links below for
Hans the legend his YouTube and X if you
want high IQ content. That's who you
follow.
&gt;&gt; Have a great weekend, my friends. See
you soon. And Hans, you'll be back
again, too.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Next time we got a robust agenda.
Thanks, gang. Bye-bye.