Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Legacy Auto Still Does Not Understand What Tesla Is Building
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2kVBmOdzFQ
Published:   2026-05-28 19:45 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-28 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

GM is core ranking up US investments
again. This time it's great news, that
is if you don't follow the news [music]
or the automotive industry and don't
know what you're talking about, which
seems to be the case for Motley Fool.
They are of the opinion that investing
heavily in the wrong things is the same
[music] as investing in the right
things. They think the short-term is the
long-term and they do not know better,
but you know who does is probably Randy
Kirk from the wild and crazy Randy Kirk
comedy half hour hour. Uh, this is what
he does. He helps me understand stocky
stuff, investy stuff and that's why I
needs him. I'm Brian, welcome to Future
Ology.
&gt;&gt; [music]
[singing]
&gt;&gt; You're going to love this, Randy. A
spider, literally a spider.
&gt;&gt; Look at that.
&gt;&gt; Hold on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; We can put that
&gt;&gt; Very cool.
&gt;&gt; So, Randy, you are uh, hanging out on
them Hawaiian beaches, getting what
appears to be absolutely no tan at all.
Probably probably
a thinly veiled
charade that you're using to cover the
fact that you're actually working on a
secret government mission.
&gt;&gt; I actually go directly to burn. There is
no tan face.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Yeah, my sometimes my freckles will
combine into one tan, but it isn't it's
just straight to the rotisserie is what
I really really do. So, that's great.
Hey, GM cranking up US investments, it's
good news. I covered this in brief, real
quick. I covered it on Monday, but this
deserves a longer look. Many investors
applauded the future looking move that
was soon replaced with regret. Shifting
consumer demand,
&gt;&gt; [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; changing government policies and an
aggressive scale back of those EV
ambitions has led to billions in EV
related write-downs and charges for the
automaker. Well, GM is cranking up some
US investments again, except this time
the price tag is much less frightening
and its purpose is much more important
than near-term profits. Yes, 300 million
to increase capacity for transmission
production near Detroit. Uh another 300
uh million last year and another 40
million to boost transmission production
in Ohio. Uh transmissions.
Feels kind of like we're putting a lot
of money into steam engines, doesn't it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, you know, again, um
there like any other dying uh breed,
there is a period where it's still in in
demand.
Um and there's going to be people out
there that are going to want their
rumbling car, not a fake rumble. It's
got to be a real rumble and they they're
going to want it to make a noise, not a
fake noise. They're going to want the
real noise.
And they're going to want to feel like
they're in control of it. They don't
want anybody else to be in control of
their vehicle. So, you know, it's
there's going to be, you know, a time
for this. [snorts] It's just that I I
don't know how long it is and neither
does GM.
&gt;&gt; Neither does GM. So, remember they said,
"Oh, this is so much cheaper." So, 300
million, another 300 million last year,
40 million, we're already at 640. Oh,
and another half a billion for its
propulsion plants in Ontario. You hear
propulsion, you think, "Ooh, maybe this
is going to be Nope, that's for V8s."
Sixth gen V8 engines that will power the
Corvette and full-size pickup trucks.
So, GM noted that it uh invested more
than 6 billion since 2025 including to
gear up for the redesigned Silverado and
G- I thought they said lower price.
These prices seem substantial.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I just, you know, people
commonly we back at the
um, Blockbuster example.
I mean, Blockbuster was at the top of
their game. They were just doing fine.
They were doing great, you know, when
Netflix came along and changed it up on
them. And Blockbuster still did fine. In
fact, they only just closed I think in
fact the last store is still open or it
just closed. I'm not sure.
&gt;&gt; I think it just closed a year or two
ago, but yeah.
&gt;&gt; And Sears just closed their last store
uh, a couple of months ago. So, you
know, it's a it's can be a great ride,
General Motors, until it isn't.
&gt;&gt; Until it isn't. Until it isn't. That is
all true. And uh, yeah, you've got to
uh, think about the long-term uh, and
I'm not convinced they're doing that.
One thing investors love is higher
margins which lead to juicy profits.
Don't steal my catchphrase, but one
thing investors dislike is uncertainty.
GM's move combines the two in a positive
way as one thing investors and analysts
know is that full-size trucks are highly
profitable and drive strong profits for
Detroit automakers. Now, when Ford uh,
said when Jim Farley said, "We're moving
back to gas." He didn't say, "So, it
will be cheaper." He said, "So, it will
be more profitable."
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; That sounds like a you problem. Um, but
what it all means, investors may cringe
when they see headlines about
billion-dollar investments fearing they
could turn out as poorly as EV
investments have in the near term. But
this just means that they're going to
sell more Silverados, etc. But what does
it mean for the future, Randy? You can't
export dino burners to a whole bunch of
countries starting real soon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't I don't think that's the
problem. I think I and I'm probably
ahead of myself on this, but I think the
real problem is going to is not just
going to be electrification, it's going
to be AVs.
So, if you can buy a car that you can
sleep in the back seat or if you can
take a vehicle to your destination for a
buck a mile or half a buck a mile or 30
cents a mile as Elon predicts. Um and
you can get that vehicle it doesn't you
don't have to you can change your garage
into a man cave.
Um you can you know eliminate dealing
with insurance companies once a year. I
mean there's just a bunch a bunch of
reasons for just not owning a car at
all. I can confess to the fact that we
are a one car family. Uh we only just
have the one Tesla now because you just
don't need it anymore even with Uber at
three bucks a mile for most of my trips.
Um so it just means it just means
[laughter] we avoided it at all costs.
But we did use an Uber to get to Ontario
Airport just now rather than drive and
park. The future is going to be
autonomy.
Some of those are going to be owned. I
think it's going to be a very small
percentage eventually but that might be
six years out. But I think uh robo taxis
are
here. It's happening. And it's going to
be massive by next year or the next
following year. And that is going to cut
into the it's going to cut into all car
sales and it's not going to be it's not
going to be pretty.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; Did you know that General Motors and
Samsung are pausing their battery plant
construction? What they've confirmed is
that as soon as those walls go up
they're on hold. It's a full pause.
County officials cite potential reasons
for the halt including economic factors
and the end of EV incentives. Despite
the pause the company still aims to meet
its original substantial complete
deadline of the end of next year. Well
so
well substantial completion just means
they're not putting any equipment in.
They just finished the building so it
doesn't rot entirely before they find a
second use for it.
Three and a half billion dollar battery
plant dubbed Synergy Cells.
Synergy Cells. That sounds like
something you say at a at a marketing
meeting when you run out of
words and no one has yelled bingo on
their buzzword cards just yet. So, this
is uh to me a complete retreat. To me
this says that GM is
not going to be serious about EVs. It
says that GM is going to forfeit the
international markets where they've been
so dominant for so many generations.
I mean, they've been selling well
overseas for north of 70 years.
And those markets, I mean, I don't see
them being able to compete in developed
markets because they don't have the EVs.
And in developing markets, they want
even cheaper cars than GM can sell even
if they do all stripped down bare bones,
even if they trim their margin. I just
don't see those markets looking to buy a
General Motors product.
Am I missing something?
&gt;&gt; No, I don't think you're missing
anything.
You know, we saw Nokia
you know, was doing really really well
with their phones.
But all of a sudden, Apple came out and
it was over for them like in a very, you
know, a few years.
We've seen
Xerox actually invented the mouse, you
know, and and this I think also the mini
computer. The or the personal computer
and
they didn't develop it. They didn't keep
going. They They didn't see the future.
So, you just don't ever know. I mean,
General Motors could see a different
future. Ford has I guess decided to
compete with Tesla on storage.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, use up some of those batteries that
they had committed to with storage. They
may be They may do fine with storage,
who knows. And General Motors, if they,
you know, Samsung obviously knows the
storage business, maybe that deal
will be reignited not for cars, but for
storage. I mean, it's hard it's hard
call.
&gt;&gt; It is tough to say.
If Samsung makes those cells, surely
somebody would want them. Samsung has a
reputation for making quality cells,
although their cell phone pouches tend
to get a little puffy after time, which
is problematic
if you're unless you're a big fan of
unscheduled fires.
So, personally, not excited about those.
I prefer to avoid them. But again,
that's just me. I know I'm not in the
majority on a lot of things that one I
think I might be. I did want to mention
this is our second story that we're
doing this week. So, I should mention
one more time that we do have coming up
a very, very quickly summer meetup.
Ignore this part that says 10 days.
That's as of when it was shot.
teslamichigan.org
is where you find this and it's going to
be a great event. Light show, speaker
panels, vendors, food trucks,
and me, you know.
So, what else do you want, guys? I I
I'm trying to give the people what they
crave. What they crave is more Brian.
Do you think
if you had to take the big three, Ford,
GM, Stellantis,
who's in the best position in the US to
survive and the worst position?
And worst
position occupied by Stellantis.
&gt;&gt; It's It's just got their own problem.
Stellantis doesn't seem to be able to
find their
bottom with both hands
in any way, shape, or form. They just
seem to be completely flailing about.
They are spending, I think, $7 billion
on retrofits and new cars and stuff.
Then you got Ford who doesn't seem to be
able to Well, you know what? It's
basically Ford has gone back to where if
it's broken, all you need is bailing I
bailing wire and and
duct tape. You can fix anything that way
because Ford can't fix anything. So,
you're much better off to use that.
Their cars are recalled more than
anybody else's cars and it's not even
close. And they don't seem to be able to
fix the problem. And it's just
continuing to go uh year after year
after year of that problem. Then,
General Motors, I will give uh Mary
Barra
her, you know, a little bit of a a
solution here. She has kept the stock
up.
Uh she has been doing getting great
profits.
Uh but, I don't see how they survive
with this particular product mix. I I
just don't see it. Maybe I'm wrong.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
Yeah, I think uh Stellantis is in the
worst position because they are
rudderless. Their EVs are not great. Uh
if they come out, they're not great. And
all the good EVs they have in Europe
don't make it to the US for some reason.
Uh I think Ford is at least trying to
electrify, though their claim to be all
in uh
would only be true if you don't know
what the word all in means.
Just not giving up on it entirely after
writing down 6 billion of it doesn't
sound like all in to me. I feel like if
someone said they're all in on their
marriage because they're down to three
other girlfriends and they just bought
them all jewelry, you would doubt their
fidelity.
Uh so, I don't know. Uh but, they're all
uh retreating to their to their native
shores, uh and I think that is how you
lose the global auto industry business.
They're they're forfeiting so many
markets for what I can see as no good
reason at all.
&gt;&gt; And the shame of And the shame of it is
all they had to do is pick up the phone.
&gt;&gt; They could have called
&gt;&gt; No, any one of them could have called
Elon. They know Elon. They've seen him,
you know, they go to events with
Uh all they have to do is call Elon and
say, "Okay, look, we we want to pay you,
you know, a royalty, and we but these
are the things that we know how to do.
These are the things you know how to do,
so please help us with these things that
we don't know how to do." They've done
that, they're you know, for 50, 60, 70
years they've been trading back parts
and and motors and buying from the same
vendors and stuff for as long as I can
remember. Yeah. Why not do it with Elon?
I don't know. It's crazy.
&gt;&gt; It is crazy. You would think someone
would have said, "Look, Tesla's got the
drivetrain down. Let's just get a
skateboard. Let's get a Let's not
develop our own Ultium a
one-size-fits-all except it's not one
size, it's all size fits none.
Let's just get
a skateboard, one skateboard on which we
can build three things
and be done with it. Why can't we do
that?"
Ah, because they don't have a time
machine and if they did, they'd go back
and try and explain it to their younger
selves and they would be ignored like
they were then. So, guys, what did we
miss? What did we misunderstand? Leave
it in them comments below and you know,
subscribe, like, help the channel, would
you? There's a number of ways in the
description on how you can help it, but
there's also a link to our Randy's
channel. Check him out, see what he's up
to. He has some fantastic guests on from
time to time, but on the flip side, he
also has me. So, that's a real uh
a thorn in his side. It really throws
his credibility entirely into question.
Me on his channel? I don't know. Some of
his viewers actually feel that way and
that's all right. They need a
well-rounded news diet and I hope to
provide that. Everybody else, stay
tuned, stay juicy and I can't wait to
hear from you clever robots perhaps in
Michigan.