Channel:     hansnelson
Title:       EXCLUSIVE Interview w/ Top Palantir Architect
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eUUeTC6wnY
Published:   2026-08-19 12:24 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-28 11:38 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Am I subsidizing someone that's going to
compete with me? The classic one is, you
know, Walmart doesn't want to use AWS
because AWS is competing with them. So
essentially, if you have a bunch of MCP
servers hooked into these different
things like and you say this is my
harness that hooks into all the
different intelligence sources, it's
actually pretty terrible. When we talk
about a harness is it's the harness of
your business, not of a tool, not of a
technology. You need a business harness.
And that really is what the ontology is.
It's the business harness. You can only
cut your way so far, but you have
infinite growth possibilities. And the
real question is, how can I make my best
people do 10 times a hundred times more
and more effective? That is an infinite
sum game, right? And I think that's our
view of it is how do we give them the
iron man suit to essentially be the
superhero? And it's like actually the
humans with AI is net better. I think
there was the whole Casparov chess match
with Big Blue and others where actually
the the humans with AI beat both big
blue and the Grandmaster. I think net
net though is we need more people, more
manufacturing, more re-industrialization
really is the defense of our way of life
and everything is comes back to how do I
enable people to build and do more with
less resources.
Well, today I have Chad Walquist with
me. He is from Palunteer and he does a
lot of amazing work with companies
trying to figure out how do we digest AI
inside of an enterprise context so that
it does work that really actually brings
new incremental value to that business.
Um, not just cutting cost but actually
providing additional leverage on the
business as well. And there's so many
different technical things that go into
that. And Chad's an amazing resource at
Palunteer that really understands these
things deeply. And so I wanted to have
him on today to kind of talk about the
state of AI adoption in businesses and
specifically to dig into some really
interesting comments that Sham and Alex
have made recently. And they mentioned
the fact that they have been testing
open models like Neotron from Nvidia
inside of enterprise business use cases
and they found specific applications
where it actually outperformed you know
some of your favorite name brand models
like uh Anthropics Fable or you know the
new GBT 5.6 Soul. Um, and so I wanted to
dig into like how is that even possible
that this openweight model trained by,
you know, this tiny little company
Nvidia could potentially
um
do this thing that, you know, it is like
the reason that people pay so much for
these anthropic tokens and these OpenAI
tokens is because they expect it to
create an ROI. And so how's like a free
openw weight model provide better value?
Where does that happen? When does that
happen? And so I'll open up the floor to
you Chad. Thanks for being with us
today. And uh yeah, let's get smarter.
&gt;&gt; Oh, thank thanks for having me Hans.
Like I I think the it's a pretty good
stage to set. There's a lot to unpack
there which really comes back to kind of
the overarching theme around like why
did we get to uh you know why are we
even talking about open wave models? Why
are we talking about post- training and
fine-tuning and reinforcement learning?
um you know we've been doing this for a
while and it's always been the frontier
lab models get the latest model everyone
gets excited we go deploy it right and
it's that cycle and things have shifted
and I think you know started a lot of
that shift started when you know Dr.
Karp started talking about kind of the
sovereignty and what's happening with
the labs and and intelligence and who
owns that intelligence and and so we
started we started in this conversation
really from um you know Dr. Karp owning
that that narrative about how do we talk
about this? what's the important piece
for companies? And this comes back from,
you know, we're out in the field talking
to customers and there's concerns about,
you know, what's happening with my data,
not just from like, hey, do I have zero
data retention or not, right? And and
sovereignty is a it comes back to am I
subsidizing someone that's going to
compete with me? Uh, right? You know, so
the classic one is, you know, Walmart
doesn't want to use AWS because AWS is
competing with them. You know,
similarly, if you're doing drug
discovery, do you want to subsidize a
company that's actively trying to roll
out drug discovery and science? Um,
right? So, there there's those angles to
it, right? When you look at the
incentives, it's more than just the
contractual piece you have of these
model providers. It's like what are the
incentives that are driving them? Um,
you know, where is the value being
created? And so, when we think about it
from that perspective, there's a lot
more to unpack because it's also not
just about model sovereignty. It's like
the sovereignty of your business. And if
we just unpack that for a real quick
second of like what does that actually
mean? Um if I like kind of my working
model on what does sovereignty mean from
I've been traveling across the country.
We had a you know talking about this
with with the sea suite across the
Fortune 100. Um we had a sovereignty
event at our office a couple weeks ago.
We're planning another one. Like this
topic actually you know came from the
feedback loop of talking to these people
like man like I am very concerned about
this. So this doesn't just come from any
like nowhere. It's I'm worried about the
decision rights of my business.
What happened?
&gt;&gt; You mean that seuite leaders are, you
know, paying attention to Sam and Daario
and how they're acting, how they're
behaving, and how they're competing with
their customers and and they're actually
having second thoughts about this
shocking. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; They're they're very they're you know,
it comes back to not necessarily just
about them. It's this is honestly like
like the last 30 or 40 years of Silicon
Valley. It has been, you know, hey, I'm
go build your company on my database, on
my software, on my ERP, on my whatever.
And then I'm going to change the rules
of the game after you're locked in and
it's going to cost you hundreds of
millions of dollars and business
continuity interruptions to get out of
my software. So, I essentially have a
gun to your head and I can charge
whatever I want. So this is when you
know when we say that the cost goes up
and the quality goes down that is what
these seuite executives are used to for
the last 30 plus years. This is not new.
Um and so when we think about the model
side you know everyone originally
thought hey I can just swap this model
for that model. I just it's just a drop
down. I just change a line of code right
and it's just flipping a bit. And it's
not just flipping a bit. These are
probabilistic systems that are highly
complex that you're going to interweave
and like run your business on.
That's like running a a manufacturing
plant and I don't like have control over
the machines or how to repair them. I
can't get spare parts, right? Like so
when we say own the means of production
like I'm truly concerned about how do I
make sure that I have business
continuity I can keep running when
someone decides to put guard rails in
that that change the way my model
behaves and now my business can't
operate like that alone okay let's just
take the whole ZDR like data sovereignty
piece out just that's a decision
sovereignty that now I can't operate my
business well how do I switch a model
out in In practice, it's like, oh,
prompts need to change. Like it actually
the newer models get worse sometimes at
new tasks. Actually, in a lot of
enterprise tasks, the kind of the
thinking models or the test time compute
models, right? The reasoning models
actually can perform worse on specific
tasks because they're going to come up
with different answers all the time,
almost kind of overthinking things. And
so, a lot of times people are like, I
got to get this thing to work. I'm going
to use the frontier model. I get it to
production. And then you're like, "Oh,
cow, that's really expensive." And two,
like it's changing on me. Like everyone
talks about
&gt;&gt; introducing variability into, you know,
something that you're hoping is going to
be a lot more of a deterministic
outcome.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And and and that so it's like
you start to compound all these things.
And I I put the like I would say the
conversation I have I put into four
categories. The first one is
um you know I'm
I'm worried about the um essentially the
decision rights of my business and how I
operate. And this comes back to not just
what we were talking about before, but
it's if I'm buying box software, I'm
essentially like becoming like everybody
else. I can configure a few bits here
and there, but I'm essentially making
myself more similar, not more different.
I'm losing my competitive edge so that I
can scale through software by being like
everyone else. And so like the
sovereignty from a business process
standpoint like we're very antibbox
software. This is why people don't
understand what Palanteer does a lot of
times is because we build malleable
software that can scale and allow people
scale. Sorry, my my cat is having fun
over here. um and allow allow businesses
to scale
while still like owning that specific
business process that made them
successful. So, there's that. And then
the second is really what we talked
about before of like, hey, I don't want
to subsidize my competitor um and
someone that's going to come out here
and actually compete with me, you know.
And then like the third category is I
can't afford for someone to change the
rules on me. Changing the rules will
affect that I can operate or not. And
that's like that part I can't stress
enough is it's you know yes there's the
USG context of like I can't have someone
determining what is lawful or what is
right what is not um if I'm deploying or
my life or my business depend on it
right so that's one and then the fourth
category I would say is price like I'm
deploying the the if I putting a the
latest frontier model out to an
enterprise task a lot of times it's like
putting a PhD on a factory floor to put
stuff in a box And that's the other side
is like do I really actually need PhD
level intelligence for most of like you
heard Sham talk about actually there's
so much intelligence we haven't
harnessed just in these N minus4 models.
Uh right and so like those are the kind
of things we look for. So which one of
those I guess categories brings people
to the table but then which one actually
do you see providing the most value
inside of people's enterprises today?
&gt;&gt; So those are like those are the four
different kind of categories of
concerns. I would say the the the value
proposition is how do I turn those
tokens into decisions
and those decisions need to be better. I
need to make more and better decisions.
So not just more and not just better. I
need to make more and better um
decisions across my enterprise and
thinking it's global context. So it's
like how do I you know there's a couple
different ways you can do this whether
it's doing better root cause analysis
and I can do this across everything
because I have infinite labor source of
model agents that can go out there and
like root cause and dig through my
ontology in my business process like or
I have I need to rebalance my inventory
and every decision I make has
essentially another knock-on effect and
things are constantly changing. So, how
do agents help me triage this in real
time where I couldn't have enough people
and my systems couldn't run fast enough
maybe or lots of different reasons like
can I automate my supply chain
rebalancing using agents in real time
because happens um and things
change and like how do I how do I make
it's like it's all of those things about
how we not only like reduce cost but it
comes back to like can I have an agent
be essentially helping in integrated
across all the business process. So if
we think about it from a lean
manufacturing standpoint, can I find the
bottleneck in my business process and
apply agents into that bottleneck that
help scale and then I find the next
bottleneck and the next bottleneck. Can
I increase revenue through that? Right?
So there's a lot of different ways that
we can attack the problem from a value
creation. But at the end of the day,
it's about a decision being made. If you
think about what a business is, it's
just a bunch of decisions. It's people
making decisions and and now we have
people and agents. And so the more and
better decisions I make, the more
revenue, the more cost cutting, whatever
it look, whatever you need in your
business is what you're being able to to
execute against. So that is a good place
to bring it back to potentially you know
what are the what's the distribution of
use cases where you know the
Neotron you know open source openweight
models might be the right fit um versus
you know having that PhD level
intelligence
um and yeah like why are the benchmarks
so bad at basically giving you a map to
where you should use what
&gt;&gt; there well there's a there's a lot to
unpack there so on the on the benchmark
piece like these benchmarks are for you
know taking MSAT and you know academic
stuff and software benchmarks and you
know there all these benchmarks out here
and which they can be good proxies for
things like that's not wrong um but in
the enterprise space I have discrete
tasks I need to do decisions I need to
make. So, and you know, today I have
humans that bring the reasoning
component and deterministic tools. Um,
and those humans use the deterministic
tools and reason about what I should do
and then they take action. What the way
we think about our ontology is it is the
data logic actions and security. It's
the entire business model not just the
data. And so that provides the back
plane for us to really like drive on
decisions. So when we think about it,
it's like actually have the entire
business process modeled in it works.
Those LM don't know your business
process. They were trained on the corpus
of web and books and things, but
hopefully and they shouldn't have your
business's data in them. And you know,
other USG context, they shouldn't have
data about targeting or how to do other
very like nuanced things. And so these
models know nothing about those business
processes or or those workflows. So when
you put benchmarks against things,
great. Now I need to apply them to a
totally different bespoke domain,
different vernacular, different all
sorts of things like that are happening
in humans heads in spreadsheets and
emails and phone calls and so much of a
business isn't even like encoded into
traditional IT systems. So they don't
those benchmarks don't represent what's
actually happening. So when you apply
them to business context like this,
they're not great. Now the ontology acts
as a grounding function in a bridge
which is why we've been so successful in
doing this. But if I have the ontology
that maps that business process and I
have general reasoning capabilities that
know how to call deterministic tools
like sources of logic, they know how to
query the ontology. they can take
actions what levers I can pull then that
actually um with this you know the
neatron model are they as good as fable
on the benchmarks no but when I have
these task specific things they're
actually really good um and when we do
some post training whether it be
supervised fine-tuning or reinforcement
learning they get really good really
quick um and so now that's where we see
actually in these different domains
they're really good. Um, and we can get
them really good even if they're like
not great at one specific task with
honestly very little post-training. They
can get very good at a business process.
And the thing about Palunteer is we
capture that entire feedback loop and
it's the customer's data. So we can then
feed that into fine-tuning the
customer's data into their own
fine-tuning process create their own
model. Right? So that that's the kind of
the virtuous loop that we're looking.
So, I don't know if you can share like
general
um characteristics of like what those
types of business processes are, but I
would assume that they're probably not
the ones that are like squarely within
the coding domain since, you know, most
of these models that we're seeing right
at the frontier. They're all kind of
converging to focus on coding as the use
case. There's lots of ability to do
reinforcement learning on that. So like
they're going to be really really good
at those, but like you most enterprise
business is not coding. You know, I
don't know if the tech world realizes
this, but um [clears throat] so how does
that play into this?
&gt;&gt; Well, if there's any signal um you know,
since we started talking about this a
few months ago, I think I put our first
ad in the in the Wall Street Journal
around protect your sovereignty about
three or four months ago. Um and now in
the last month there are multiple
startups being funded for a billion
dollars in funding you know in this
exact loop that I'm talking about now
even and everyone's talking about loops
and these things. I'm like we've been
doing this and deploying this like we
actually launched our sovereign OS um
AIOS last summer um where you could dep
do all this stuff. So like we've been
doing this for a while. So the cool
thing about Poundier is like we have a
lot of cycles of learning and so like
where where do we deploy these things?
um you know we've earned the trust of
our customers about protecting their
data, their sovereignty, how they
they're they're working. So we have
access to that entire loop to help the
customers harness their data. So like
the ways that these models kind of work
and where we think about them is, you
know, like one of the things we do a ton
of is supply chain work. Um so unwinding
supply chain and reasoning through this
like well there's a lot of deterministic
stuff that you need to go look at what
your inventory level is, what your
shipping length, right? And there's
optimizers in there that do different
parts of it, but it's like how do I
reason across all of that domain? Um,
they're really good at taking these
loops because what do I do? I look at
the data. I apply logic. I can take
actions to get this outcome that I think
I'm going to have and then I can
actually measure what the actual outcome
is. That entire loop is where all the
business value is. That's essentially
the alpha of a business. If I can make
that loop better every time where I
where there's a smaller difference
between the intended outcome and the
actual outcome and I can optimize
essentially what everyone's saying hill
climb I can hill climb towards better
business outcomes that reinforcement
loop is super valuable. So I I think
like there's a lot of different domains
there and then you you work on the USG
side and I can't share a lot there but
you can you can use your imagination
about the type of workflows um that
there is no corpus of data on in any of
these models and so but there's a bunch
of people that are experts that have 20
30 years of expertise doing this now we
with our with our Maven product we have
Maven across you know the entire USG so
you can imagine having that type of
workflow So with this level of human
expertise, there's a lot of data there
that we can use to harness for these
different fine-tuning um or post-
training runs. And so um there's very
very cool stuff happening there. And
then and I posted about some of this
about like airgapped environment like a
shipping container dropped on a ship
somewhere in the world with a bunch of
B300s running our software and these
models doing things like those are the
kind of workflows that you know are
super cool. Um, now not every customer
needs that level of sovereignty that I
need a container of GPUs on a ship in
the middle of the ocean, right? Like not
everybody needs that. And so this is
like this is the whole thing here is
it's not a one or zero. It's it's really
a spectrum. How do you think about
y'all's exposure to
like all of those bespoke use cases and
what does that do for, you know, the
flywheel of Palunteer's own business and
then the flywheel into the customer's
business? Like I guess I I kind of take
it back to Tesla and how they have this
exposure to like so much real world
driving data that even Whimo doesn't
have just because they don't have as
many cars covering as many roads
capturing as many you know different
edge cases and it seems like you know a
company like Palanteer at least in the
large enterprise space is going to be
exposed to a much broader variety of,
you know, enterprise edge cases than any
other company that I'm aware of, you
know, including Anthropic. Um, so yeah,
just riff on that for
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, just to to just to be clear
because I so I longtime Tesla owner,
love Tesla. Um, and yes, the amount of
driving they have is a competitive edge.
Um, but just to be clear on Palunteer,
like we are not a data company. We the
the data is the customer's data, not
ours. Um, so as much as we have exposure
to helping our customers through these
use cases, it's the customer's data. So
as far as um, you know, trying to bring
all the data together and all the the
hysteria of, you know, mass surveillance
or this and that, which is complete
Um, you know, like actually
we're pro, you know, we have more
privacy and civil liberty engineers than
we have salespeople. Just to like put
that in context about how serious we
take that piece. Um but the access to
problem spaces where we are signing up
for outcomes not a technical deployment
is a key part and that's the forward
that's you know the true forward
deployed engineering is a product
strategy
&gt;&gt; and so having that exposure
&gt;&gt; to these unique problems like we were
talking about you know GPUs running out
wherever um you know that helps push the
product in different ways like for
example now you know that has shown us
that hey we want to be able to bring in
customers GPUs
um into the fold into the secure
environment inside of Palanteer without
having to physically move them into
whatever cloud provider. So how do I how
do I securely um you know enable GPU
access across different ways. So like
those are things we're building a
product that everybody gets. Um and so
those are the kind of edge cases that
we're seeing. Similarly um we're seeing
because we've been putting things into
production you know at mass scale. AIG
is a public you know customer they've
talked about this on their earnings
call. They said you know Palunteer what
we're doing is a 35% increase in their
kar because of these agentic flows that
they're building with hundreds of agents
to do the the underwriting for example
well that will help you understand that
putting probabilistic systems in
production at a mass mass scale has new
problems or you know like how do the
agent observability problems and as
models are changing how do I swap them
out how do I do cost optimization so
like evolve comes out of that so Our
product evolve helps you actually
compare models, build evals, do prompt
optimization, um like all of those
things. Well, that product only existed
because we did the hard thing, got it to
production, and then tried to manage it
like this is a lot of work. There should
be a product that that needs to help our
customers manage this. Um, and I think
that, you know, the the ones I'm most
excited about now in the model, you
know, kind of the the post-training
area is really around
with that entire feedback loop, both of
technical seeing the the the models
running, the agents running, but also
the business feedback loop. Um,
our customers have so much enriched data
when they have a workflow running in
Palunteer because all of that is
captured and it's theirs. And so we've
built tool a tool called trace collector
um which will actually collect those
traces and then put them into a tool
called regress that helps you curate
that data to understand where these the
good outcomes bad outcomes what you
know. So essentially you can help uh
curate it and then that can feed into
the post-training runs whether that's
through supervised fine tuning or
reinforcement learning and then that
model comes back into our evolve tool to
help you evaluate your fine-tuned model.
does that actually do better than the
the the frontier lab other model you had
and so that now we've created this
entire feedback loop um and that came
out of you know work that we were doing
you know in a lot of different areas but
now that's also exposed a new problem
right so we talk about this like it's
great but it also causes new problems so
for example let's say I fine-tuned on a
data set that had some sort of PII or
sensitive information in it well if I
give that model back out to do inference
on could it be leaking PII information?
So, which use cases can this model be
used in and should the data have
markings applied that's coming out of
this to make sure that I don't I'm not
leaking information. So, those problem
sets don't happen until you've actually
done that entire loop and you're like,
"Oh crap, how do I do this?" So, you
know, we're we're we're building and
deploying tools to do exactly that. So
we have a tool called pass that will
actually help you understand what data
went into these fine-tuning training so
that you then can secure the inference
and the data coming out of it with the
appropriate markings to make sure you're
not leaking data on that side. So those
are the kind of things that for deployed
engineers are doing that I would say
we're a year ahead of everybody else on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, there's a couple things that
you said there that I want to dig into.
And one of them is, you know, how hard
it is to get these probabilistic um
intelligences to to do work that's, you
know, valuable that you can rely on. Um
and I think that's, you know, a huge
topic of conversation in the industry.
Um but before we go there, I want to dig
in a little bit deeper on Yeah. like um
what does an FDE do? because this is a
term that you know y'all are the
pioneers of what an FDE is and a lot of
other people
claim that they're doing forward
deployed engineering and um so I think
the perception of what a ford deployed
engineer does and then what an actual
forward deployed engineer at Palunteer
does are two different things and that
you know it kind of sits at the
intersection of that um question about
you know like you guys have
problem solving
skill that is you know it is improved by
this massive exposure to enterprise edge
cases. So even though you're not taking
in their data like you do have, you
know, data that is absorbed within the
FTE process and the FDE organization on
just how to solve the incremental
enterprise challenge and yeah, so just
talk about what FTEES actually are, what
they actually do and um
help help people get a better
understanding of that because I think
that it would help clarify a lot for
people.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's the the multi-billion
dollar question, huh? As you know,
everyone deploys, you know, some of
these companies deploying, you know,
more FTEEs, re rebranding, you know,
existing employees as FDEEs overnight
and having more FDES than we have in our
entire company. Um, you know, it's wild
to see. So, there's there's two takes
I'll have here. You know, the spicy take
is, you know, like I actually think it's
a a Trojan horse to completely erode the
revenue. Um and and and the reason I
think that is because if if you're
deploying forward if you're actually
having Ford deployed engineers be your
go to market strategy, you are just
sparkling sales consultants, you know,
kind of thing. And it's going to destroy
your revenue because in order for for
deployed engineer need to work to work,
it has to be a product strategy that
builds compounding leverage for you and
your customers. And and the difference
is
um when we're signing up like when I go
stand in front of someone, we're signing
up for con for for the outcome. There is
no price sheet for Palanteer. There is
no rate card for for FDS. We sign up for
an outcome a lot of times at risk. And
so we're saying that we're not sure. I
mean, some of our contracts are
laughably short, like a page of like
this is what we're going to do. we're
going to drive this business outcome.
Your team has been trying to solve it.
You're not sure exactly where, how to
solve it or what the problem even is.
And so this comes back to do Dr. Karp
and and Peter Teal's kind of, you know,
analogy around we're French waiters. Um
it's the sometimes we got to tell the
customer that your idea is bad in order
to have the good meal. You know, this is
what you should have in order to enjoy
your French dinner. Um, and in order to
really get the best out of the product
and the best out of our experience is
like actually let us decomp the problem.
Don't outsource the demp to a model. You
actually have to go sit down with the
people that are doing the work. You have
to kind of feel the pain because it's
very easy to say from here, oh well,
just apply this software thing and it's
going to magically fix things. And then
as someone signs up word and then you
deploy it, software company wins. The
business might win, might not. And so
the customer has assumed all the risk in
that in that relationship. And this is
where we should assume some of that risk
by sitting down next to you doing this
at risk. Like those are the kind of
things when we sign up for outcome. The
the FD to the product strategy is if the
product isn't working to to solve a
problem in the best or most efficient
way, then we build the product not and
then we build the customer solution in
that product. So there's two different
things. is I'm building a customer
solution in a software product and then
there's the product itself. FTEEs can do
both. And so when I am needing to have
some new feature to do something or a
whole new thing and this is how all the
product that Palanteer is built,
they build it at the edge for a
customer. Then they're like, they show
their peers and they're like, "Oh wow,
like you can deploy compute modules or
you can do XYZ."
And they go try that same thing and
they're like, "Oh, wow. There's
something here. Let's actually build a
real product." And so everything is
momentum based and they churn these
ideas and concepts into the product.
That's why we have things that sound
weird, look weird or at different
primitives than else is because they're
literally built on what is needed, not
at what is easy to sell. And that is the
kind of the differential at the core
level. And I think a lot of times the
the right intent for the forward
deployed engineering is like the other
the other take that most people are
think is customers don't know how to
deploy AI. I need experts to go deploy
AI for them because our customers are
not smart enough. And I think that is
the complete wrong. Actually the
customers know their business better
than anybody else. Um and the the
difference here is they have to decomp
problems in a better and different way.
And that is really where kind of the I
think a lot of the other FTE work is
being lost is like we're just going to
essentially deploy AI for them. And
that's kind of the inverse.
Yeah, I guess that's um I hadn't really
thought about it in that way, but you
could almost use a proxy measure of like
how much time are your FDE spending with
executives versus people doing the
actual work and that's kind of a good
&gt;&gt; proxy for is this actual for deployed
engineering or you know is this for
deployed sales or
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah. Well, so so the way I talk
about the product like our products and
our company a lot of times is it's
probably it's like an easy football
analogy for people to understand. Um
most of the BI and analytics and data
solutions are like if I was trying to
win the football game by watching a
scoreboard, I'm looking at KPIs and well
based on that KPI, I might go change
some other thing over here. Uh what you
really need is the playbooks to help you
make the call to win the game. And
that's what Palunteers is. It's going to
go down to each individual decision and
how do I help the person at the edge
that has all the knowledge, but their
frame of view is very narrow, but
they're very deep. How do I help them
globally optimize their decisions so
that they're making the best decision
for them and the company as a whole? And
how do I do that for everybody? because
each incremental decision then will add
up
&gt;&gt; to me winning the game and the KPI and
and so that's that is fundamentally like
how we approach things differently. Um,
and the Ford deployed engineer is the
one that's going to go out there and and
sit down next to the person in the plant
or on the factory floor and understand
why are they making this decision
because they're probably the experts
more so the executive
&gt;&gt; and but they don't have the wide view
that the executive has. And so this is
really a width versus thing. And so now
how do we bridge the two? and the four
deployed engineers should bridge the two
so that each person is making decisions
to get the scoreboard, you know, to win
the game.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. That's a really good
framing. So, okay, now that we've solved
all the world's problems on for deployed
engineering, let's um come back to the
probabilistic intelligence thing. And um
I you know one of the
podcasts that I was listening to
recently was with um invest like the
best with Patrick and he was
interviewing Eric Visria and Eric said
something about how you know the best
founders today you know one of the
things that they're really good at is
just understanding like the jagged
intelligence that each of these
different models has and then taking
that and figuring out Okay, what is the
right jagged intelligence to apply to
the right problem inside of a business
use case? Um, but how do you
actually get to then combining that
with, you know, the the problem that
Chimath likes to talk about where, you
know, you've you've got a process and it
needs to be reliable above a threshold
of, you know, 95 or 99% and even, you
know, an exceptional jagged intelligence
that is probabilistic might struggle to
meet those reliability goals. Um and so
yeah, what is the solution to being able
to rely on these agents to do work that
is missionritical?
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah, I mean our software is used
in a lot of different contexts and very
missionritical people's lives depend on
it uh in a lot of cases and so um very
much something we think about um very
deeply like the
there's a couple I think this is why Dr.
Karp says chips and ontology and and
LLMs are just commodity because they're
reasoning capabilities. And so this
comes back to um you know if we just
look at commodities you know it's it's
when the when the uh you know the
intelligence is going up exponentially
and the cost is going down exponentially
that is a commodity. Um and now how do
we harness it in the right way? And it's
well everyone's like well I can use all
the different models and and in
Palunteer we're model agnostic. We don't
have our own model. you can fine-tune
your own model and the customer can
bring their own care. Um because it's
about orchestrating that intelligence to
your point about the jagged
intelligence. It's like how do I use the
right intelligence in the right place at
the right time. That is really the hard
problem. Um and
this comes back to a lot of the data and
the business process is not exposed to
those models either. So this is where
the ontology acts as the digital twin of
your business process essentially the
harness of your business. Um you can
access it with APIs, MCP, SDKs, you can
do it in platform. Like it's completely
open. Um that's the other thing that a
lot of people miss out about Palanteer
is like actually I I say we're an
unwalled garden. Like we're probably one
of the most open platforms at every
level. Um you can store the data
wherever you want in any format you
want. You can use whatever compute you
want because I don't care about
consumption. I care about the outcomes.
And so that enables us when we talk
about the orchestrating intelligence to
hook on to whatever you already have
that's working. Hey, maybe you already
have an optimizer for this process
that's working for a bit of it. And
you've got this other thing that's kind
of working, but this middle part's not
working. I need to orchestrate it all
together today. It's glued together with
humans. How do I use LMS to do the 80 or
90% of the work? And how do I understand
what that last 10% is that the people
should be working on? That's strategic.
It's root cause. it's things that are
happening over and over again. I need to
change policies or maybe change vendor
contracts or those things. And so that
really comes through is grounding it in
the ontology in that actual business
process. Um and then on top of that the
next layer would be like okay whether
it's in context learning using the
ontology where we build principles on
feedback loops or it's I need to
fine-tune something like we talked about
with open weight models. We two years
ago, I mean, this is we've been doing
this for a long time. Two years ago, we
released a video showing XAI working
with us actually building bespoke custom
models for TWWG. There's a video out on
YouTube. You can go see it to do exactly
how do I have 99.9%
accuracy on document processing when I'm
doing uh due diligence for private
equity. If I have one number off on this
one thing, um maybe that could impact
the whole deal and I made a bad
decision. um I have to have that. And so
like we worked with XAI and Palunteer
and we actually used our feedback loop
to create a custom version of Grock that
was at that level of accuracy. And so we
went through and talked about but like
sometimes we go to that level of fine
tune. Sometimes it's not. So it's this
spectrum that maybe I I need the
ontology, maybe I need better prompts,
maybe I should use this model for this
portion of the agent and this other
model for another one. So like evolve
our tool helps you decide which model
which prompts what's optimizations which
architectural changes should I store
this thing in ontology. So I so the LM's
not searching around to go find this
other thing or try to do entity
resolution like the answer is there just
give it access to it and so evolve helps
you optimize those things all the way
back to then into the the fine-tuning
process. Um, so it really comes back to
you have to have a vertically integrated
system that captures and can enable all
of these things together and do it in a
secure and safe way.
&gt;&gt; There's a conversation around harnesses
and that, you know, you need models plus
harnesses and um, you know, it's just so
funny having been, you know, a longtime
Palunteer retail shareholder to hear
other people, you know, encountering the
same discoveries that y'all have
encountered significantly later and then
rebranding them as like this new thing.
Oh, hey, like there's this problem and
we're solving it. Um, and then but
anyways, so talk about the conversation
around harnesses, how that relates to
ontology and you know what what
difference does it make when the scope
of your harness is fully encapsulating a
problem versus
narrowly encapsulating a subset of a
problem.
&gt;&gt; So I I I can use an example here um with
MCP. So, I see people, everyone's got an
MCP server now for their product. Great.
Um, if I go use a co-pilot tool, you
name it, whatever it is, whatever
chatbot tool you want. I hook up 15 MCP
servers from all my tools, right? And I
say start asking it questions and doing
things. It's actually kind of a terrible
experience. And the part that's missing
is the model of how my business actually
operates. the data, the logic, the
actions actually have to be modeled how
all those things interact, not each
things in isolation. So essentially, if
you have a bunch of MCP servers hooked
into these different things like and you
say this is my harness that hooks into
all the different intelligence um
sources, it's actually pretty terrible.
Um and so we've actually done this at
many customers. I can't name the the
customer here, but like we took where
they had 15 different MCP servers from
different products hooked into one chat
tool. Um, and we took those 15 systems,
modeled it into the ontology and exposed
through one MCP server on top of the
ontology. And the experience was night
and day difference, speed, quality of
answers, um, you know, grounding in the
truth because it understood how to fit
things together. But then it also gave
me the ability to link the data, the
logic, the actions to to action things,
not just do rag and and pull in
information. And so when you think about
these agentic flows, you know, like the
Grockbot, you know, I was playing around
with that last night. Awesome. Great for
personal stuff. And they're hooking into
all these tools and they're trying to
like ultimately take actions and do
things for you. In the enterprise space,
it's the same thing. Like how do I
actually model that all out? Um, and so
the the only way you can do this when we
talk about a harness is it's the harness
of your business, not of a tool, not of
a technology. You need a business
harness. Um, and that really is what the
ontology is. It's the business harness.
You know, some customers have 72
different ERPs. 72 ERPs for their
business, for one for one business,
all with different dates, structures,
everything. Imagine giving all of those
like just hey give this to an LLM like
how is that going to work? How how how
do I actually take an action and oh yeah
it needs to be audible traceable and I
need to make sure that I have governance
around it and it's secured. Um
that's a real hard problem without the
ontology and so that is where it is a
harness of your business. The technology
should come second. I can interchange
LMS and intelligence as I need. Maybe I
fine-tune a model because cost is out of
control or I need speed or hey, I just
need the guy in the the craftsman on the
factory floor that knows how to assemble
this part. I don't need a PhD. Why am I
hosting inference for a PhD when I just
need it to do this thing? And I think
that's where people are going to see the
difference of like I suspect that
there's going to be a lot of companies
that are going to have tens, hundreds,
thousands, maybe tens of thousands of
task specific models that they
fine-tuned on their business process.
And how do you orchestrate that and have
agents get better over time because you
create these feedback loops? Like that's
the vision where I think these harnesses
will essentially go is it's the entire
feedback loop then not just the harness
of your business process. that harness
can be used for essentially capturing
your alpha and training it and owning it
inside of your platform and oh yeah you
can take those models and deploy them
wherever you want you can expose them to
endpoints like that's the other thing
when we talk about sovereignty is it's
not sovereignty inside of Palunteer it's
you should be able to take anything you
put in palenteer out models data
everything else um and so the
sovereignty truly comes like when we
talk about it it should be how do I own
the decision rights right for my
business, whether it's Palanteer or
anybody else, um they shouldn't lock you
in.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think that's one of the
things that
seems like a big difference between the
way that Palunteer is operating and the
way that, you know, the Frontier Labs
would be operating. I don't know how,
you know, it's TBD on what XAI is going
to do. Um but at least with SAM and
Dario and OpenAI and Enthropic and
probably even Google to a certain extent
you know the data of your business is
something that they view as training
data so that they can get smarter. Um
and that kind of puts them in a con
conflicting relationship with their
clients. Whereas Palunteer like that's
your customer's data you don't care
about. you're not trying to extract any
value to yourselves from that data. Um,
and so you can have this collaborative
relationship with your clients where it
is a very win-win, you know, infinite
game dynamic. Um, and so I think that's
uh, you know, that's one of the reasons
why
I am so excited about the long-term
future of Palunteer as a business is
because I think that approach to working
with enterprise is going to yield a lot
more compounding results over the long
term um, than spreading fear and uh,
&gt;&gt; yeah, you know, it comes back it's like
B, you know, this The other part is big
enterprises can can you know use their
leverage to make sure they have
contractual ZDR or they can do other
things to try to protect them on the
spectrum right but it's the it's the
hundred million the $500 million company
and below that can't do that and but
they want this intelligence to compete
and so they're giving their alpha away
to everybody. Um right and so that
that's also the concern is maybe maybe
the labs are not getting you know the
big big companies data because they have
ZDR in place etc but everybody else you
know what is that look like and so that
that's where it's like a fundamental
principle for us like we operate on
first principles like it it should be
the customer's data and theirs alone we
should not monetize it it comes back to
&gt;&gt; you know the the whole era of social
media and like if I'm not paying for the
product or it's a reduced cost am I the
Um, right. And I think we think about
that at the the tokconomics piece of
this as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, why don't we wrap up on this
question? Um, you know, there's still I
think the narrative has started to crack
somewhat on, you know, white collar,
bloodbath, jobs are going away. Um, but
as someone who has a lot of frontline
experience in how this is impacting
businesses across the world, you know,
what are you guys seeing in terms of
the need for humans to work inside of
these businesses that are adopting
ontology, they're adopting AIP, they're
adopting Foundry, they're empowering
their businesses, you know, they're able
to multiply the decisions
in both quality and quantity. Um, where
does that leave the humans at the end of
the day?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I we we're we're very much on the
side of the the worker um here and and
there's a couple kind of things I can
say here. Um
like one we we put our money where our
mouth is. We we've we've trained over a
thousand people through our American
Tech Fellowship and we're expanding more
and more of that. So, our American Tech
Fellowship is for anybody, whether it be
veterans, frontline workers, uh, office
workers, anybody can sign up. Um, and
we're putting on free training for them.
I think it's over about 8 to 12 weeks.
Um, and we teach them how to utilize AI
for their jobs and they build real
things for them, for themselves and
their companies. Um, so we just actually
had an event uh the American Builder
Summit uh a couple weeks ago uh that
Shawn was talking at as well and uh
showed off kind of the work that these
people on the front line are doing is
actually um the kind of inverse you know
as we're talking about the inverse of
what the the the hysteria and that the
news likes to put out. Um I think of
cutting jobs as the goal is a like a
very um short-term vision. It's like
maybe in the short term I'll cut these
jobs or I'll do this thing. You can only
cut your way so far, but you have
infinite growth possibilities and and
and the real question is how can I make
my best people do a 10 times 100 times
more and more effective? How can they
have be more strategic driving more and
more revenue? That is an infinite sum
game, right? And I think that's the our
view of it is how do we give them the
Iron Man suit to essentially be the
superhero and and that's our goal out of
the product is and and this is this goes
back to the origins of Palunteer and
like Sham gave a talk I think in like
2010 at a TED talk it was on human
computer symbiosis that is literally the
basis is humans and AI working together
to go do um
actually it's the oneplus 1 equals 3
piece of this right it's like actually
humans with AI is net better I think
there was the
um Kasparov like chess match with big
blue and others where actually the the
humans with AI beat both big blue and
the the grandmaster and so it's it's
really the combination of those two
things that we see as the the net
benefit and so like we're doing that we
also have our um different fellowships
whether that be um you know high school
um we just did our uh our Valley Forge
grant for high schoolers so high
schoolers can come build um for a summer
they get I think a $10,000
grant to come build. Um, some of them
get job offers and come right here. More
and more I'm seeing people that were
going to MIT, Stanford, Cornell
deferring or stopping going to these
schools and coming and working at
Palanteer because they see they have
access to the problems, the learning and
they can go accelerate things. So
there's there's multiple levels to this
whether it's the frontline worker, it's
the high schooler, it's the you know the
college grad or then I spend a lot of
time also with executives helping them
understand how to frame this, how to
think about it in their company. Um
there's a lot of dimensions to it. I
think net net though is we need more
people, more manufacturing, more re
re-industrialization.
um really is like the defense of our of
our way of life and everything is comes
back to how do I enable people to build
and do more with less resources.
&gt;&gt; Awesome. Well, this has been a great
conversation, Chad. Thanks for spending
the time with us today and I want to
respect your time and be able to get you
out of here. Um yeah, is there any last
parting thoughts that you want to leave
the audience with? I think the biggest
thing is like, you know, do the homework
yourself among what Palanteer does, what
we don't do, but also like hit me up on
on X. I'll answer questions on X. Um
whether they're technical, business
related, whatever it is. Um happy to
engage with people and any in any of the
open honest conversations. I think
that's the the big thing you'll find
about Palunteer is that we're very open
and want to have the conversation if
people are willing to ask or talk about
it. And I think that's the big thing is
uh you know like engage uh please with
us on you know and happy to to have
conversations.
&gt;&gt; Excellent. Well, you've been just a
tremendous uh resource for us today and
I'm excited you know about the future of
the company and what you're building and
yeah the implications like you said for
just the western way of life. It's
important that we kind of get out of our
own way and fix some of the foundational
problems of how our society is working
right now. And I think a big part of
that is in enterprises. And uh so yeah,
allowing work to feel more human uh
allowing people to have the tools to get
more done. Um and yeah, in a way that's
unconstrained. You know, I I'm sure that
the people who have deep narrow
expertise
feel really good when they can make a
decision that actually is in broader
service of the overall enterprise in a
way, you know, that is informed by that
thousand foot view. um that that you
know knowing that when they go home at
the end of the day that they made a
significant positive impact on their
business and then their clients and
customers and everything
&gt;&gt; and they get even a better feedback
loop. So when they see that they're
they're actually their creativity is
unlocked because they're like oo what
else could I do in my with my deep
technical expertise that impacts even in
a better way next time. And so it
actually unlocks that human agency and
creativity.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And I think that's yeah one of the
very underutilized
um and underappreciated components of
all of this is that we have yeah so much
I think frontline
creativity agency um and engagement you
know it's just like that's a much better
experience
with how you spend 40 plus hours a week
than you know I have I just do my part I
have no idea what impact it has on
anything else. And I get 10 things right
and no one says a thing, I get one thing
wrong. People are breathing down my
neck. Um, and yeah, that's just uh a
significantly improved experience. And
then that, you know, has cascading
effects when they feel better at work,
they'll feel better at home. Uh they can
be more engaged in their community. Um,
just have a much better quality of life
and a much better impact on all the
people that are under their influence.
So yeah, it's awesome what you guys do.
Really appreciate it. Really appreciate
you. Uh so I think we're going to leave
it there. Thank you everyone for
sticking with us and we will catch you
later.
&gt;&gt; Thanks.