Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla Stock Is Gearing Up For A Big June (Pioneer Alpha Performance Update)
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5VKtb9S9Fs
Published:   2026-05-30 20:58 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-30 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It's this time of the week again. This
time I'm a little bit more on top of the
reporting to you guys to the pioneers to
Pioneer Lands on Pioneer Alpha
performance of our portfolio
performance. As you know, this is
crucially important for constructing
Pioneer Lands for giving everyone the
opportunity to have not right now by by
the way this is not a solicitation to
buy or sell securities. This is a
strategic statement. This is crucial to
allow everyone in pioneer lands, all the
pioneers across the world to have
instruments, financial instruments that
allow to convert the upside of AGI from
Tesla of course to SpaceX to Nvidia to
all the other amazing stocks that are
out there that are capturing this insane
trajectory of AI. for all the pioneers
to have a more simplistic and unified
instrument to capture that upside and
convert it into a stable yield. That is
my mission here or one of the missions
of Pioneer Lands to build that capital
pillar and to validate it and to prove
it over time. That is why we are doing
that so officially now institutionalized
with a Luxembourg vehicle available in
the United States and in the European
Union and in Canada and UK and
Switzerland. That is why I'm working
very hard to make sure that we are keep
outperforming the market, dramatically
outperforming the market. And Tesla, of
course, I can't make sure that happens,
just to be clear, but I'm doing my best
to do it. And this week was another good
week after the worst week we had of the
year actually also of of 2020. No, not
of 2025, but the worst week in 2026 was
the week before this week where we were
down 5% on the portfolio,
underperforming Tesla dramatically. But
this week, we are back in the saddle uh
with 3.88% up thanks to the correct call
that Tesla is recovering and now going
probably towards all-time highs again.
We were able to convert that into an
effective strategy with some calls uh
some short puts and of course with a
slightly diversified portfolio. Nvidia
doing very well and delivered some
alpha. Robin Hood and Micro Strategy.
These are the four positions. The vast
majority in Tesla or not vast majority
Nvidia is also pretty strong. But
altogether we were able to outperform
Tesla by 1.58%.
Not bad actually. Excellent. For a
single week, we added 1.58% alpha over
Tesla in this week, which now brings the
year-to-ate performance to 32.43%.
Which is a excellent performance. As you
can imagine, if you would keep that up,
we would end up at 70% or something for
the whole year. Let's see if that's
possible. I think we have interesting
times ahead. And most importantly, we
are absolutely outperforming our central
benchmark Tesla with 35% now year to
date since inception. Of course, things
are looking good. We outperforming Tesla
by 82%.
Uh Tesla up 75% since January 1st, 2024.
So, this all looks very good. I had a
video yesterday out a little bit on the
trading strategies uh how we got there.
Here is the 5day performance of Tesla.
So, we were able to manage this pretty
effectively, right? That uh right up
leveraged with short puts. And actually
our performance would have been even
better, significantly better. We would
have been at 5% for the week, beating
Tesla with 2.9%
or something like that for the week. If
it wouldn't have been for Nvidia
behaving very badly, look at this. In
the last 5 minutes of trading, this was
at market close. Suddenly, someone did a
major rugpull. I have no idea what that
was all about. That seemed like weird
behavior of someone.
Well, they totally pulled the rug from
Nvidia and we are pretty strongly also
in Nvidia right now. So that reduced our
alpha, cut it in half effectively. We
would have been, you know, at at least
3% alpha here or 2.9% or something over
Tesla. Uh let's take a quick look before
we go into some more strategic outlooks.
Uh we outperformed the NASDAQ too very
nicely. S&amp;P. Let's see. Also very nice
outperformance this week. 2.4% over S&amp;P.
What does our mutual funds colleagues do
here? MSEI World, the biggest mutual
fund or one of the biggest. 1.6% up. We
are 3.88% up. So easy easy beat. What do
our colleagues at ARC do?
Ooh, they outperformed us. 7% ARC up
this week. How are they doing here to
date?
We destroy arc RK. So RK uh totally
destroyed year to date, but they had a
lucky week it looked like. So over the
week, we are underperforming by 3.3.
Alpha uh percent alpha RQ, let's look at
this also outperforming us this week by
98%.
RQ up 4.86%.
Let's see how they're doing yeartodate.
You can check all that on pioneresve.
com by the way and we are beating ARQ
year to date also very easily with
7.83%.
Alpha so altogether Pine Alpha is
dominating easily. I think no one is
outperforming us off the benchmarks.
TSLL of course totally destroyed this
year down 16%. And we are outperforming
nearly 50% over TSLL, the 2X uh
leveraged ETF, Tesla, Dow Jones, of
course, no chains against us. 6% up. We
are outperforming 26%.
Uh and uh what else do we have? That's
it. So RK and RQ very strong week, but
still no chance against Pioneer Alpha
year to date. Easily outperformed. That
is the quick report I just wanted to
give everyone. So looking good as you
know the thesis going forward now is
very simple. June is in my opinion not
just bullish but could be incredibly
bullish with an inflection point in robo
taxis.
Not unlikely to happen, right? Not
unlikely to happen. I covered it
yesterday and you saw the reports of Joe
Techer. Every day now he comes out with
drone footage of Giga Texas. So we have
that these beautiful cyber caps. Look at
that lot full of cyber caps. The thesis
is very simple that my call that we will
see inflection of robo taxi in April or
May this year did not become true but
turned out to not be very wrong because
what came true is that cyber cap
production is now ramping and we have
hundreds in my calculation hundreds of
cyber caps without real steering wheels.
I mean, they have these makeshift
steering wheels, but you can tell how
makeshift they are that this is not
intended to be there for long. And I
don't know if they have all these
makeshift steering wheels. You can zoom
in to see if you can see anything maybe.
So, the fact that they're churning out
these cars by the hundreds now and
deploying them all over the place with
no sign of slowing down means that there
is not much time left for the bears to
pray. that this is just all a giant hoax
and not happening. The opposite seems to
become true more and more. That means we
are aggressively positioning
aggressively positioning for a move up
which is dangerous of course because if
we have a shortterm pull back even if
I'm right that we hit all-time highs
very soon. I would at this point argue
we are getting close to alltime highs or
even exceeding all-time highs which is
$490 in June. Hey, on this channel we do
something very important. We deeply
analyze, understand, and predict
capital, AGI, and politics. Not just to
beat the markets and make a lot of
money, even though that's important, but
also to build a new society and make the
future good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing. Like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support.
And let's get back to the video. And
even if I'm right, if we have a major
pullback before, that would not be good
if we have leverage on synthetic
leverage with short puts. But this is
the game that I'm really really focused
on in June because I believe that is one
of these months that if I'm right, we
can cash in dramatically. And if this
happens, the opportunity here is to
bring this year to date above 50% in
June. And if that happens, that would be
a giant giant win because as you know
the securities we are launching uh we
are building with Pioneer Reserve now uh
is these three bonds they are all
performance linked and these bonds
they're on pioneeralpha.org just to
explain that quickly what our objective
is. This is the bond that is geared
towards anyone who has an interest in
outperforming Tesla as a comparison
because we're very Tesla focused but
want to get generate alpha over Tesla
which you just saw we are pretty
successful right now in doing. Uh this
is basically a bond that takes the
portfolio and pays out to the bond
holders whatever the portfolio does up
to what Tesla does in the same amount of
time plus the difference of the alpha
50% of the alpha. So if Tesla goes up
300% in 3 years which is the maturity we
go up 400% the bond payout is 350%.
Simple growth 45. I'm very excited about
this one. I'm most excited about income
12 but let's talk about growth 45. This
is a much more stabilized system where
the bond holders get paid up to 45% per
year uh accumulating at maturity which
is roughly three times the money at
maturity. Uh that is the deal here. It's
also performance linked but it also
includes a buffer 10% upfront. So long
story short, for example, if the
portfolio over 3 years goes up 400%, the
bond holders get 209% payout, maximum
payout. If Pioneer Alpha goes up 80%,
bond payout is 90%. Because of the 10%
buffer. If Pine Alpha goes up 20%, bond
paid out is 30%, and so on and so forth.
Basically, they're getting a 10% free
performance boost in here, which is
pretty cool. And then you have income
12. That will be the flagship long-term
in my opinion. That is the future. That
is the future of AGI capture for the
pioneers. This is a bond that pays 1%
per month paid out as 3% per quarter in
cash to the bond holders plus up to 100%
additional gains at maturity. So if a
bond holder has, let's say, $100,000 in
that bond, they're getting paid $1,000
per month. Not bad. Paid out. By the
way, mostly tax-free because this is
return of capital from a taxation
perspective. Of course, always consult
your CPA or your tax advisor. But uh 1%
per month, so 100,000 bond pays $1,000
per month. And in the end, depending on
portfolio performance, if the portfolio
performs as it did in the past, up to
100% additional gain depending on
portfolio performance. So a $100,000
bond pays $1,000 per month and after 3
years pays out $200,000. So it's a
double whammy. If you run the math on
it, the total return is less than the
growth 45 because that thing pays up to
200% on top out which in total is more
than 12% per year plus 100% in the end.
But this is a very nice income situation
because with $1,000 per month, it is a
nice situation. So that is kind of the
systems we are working on. Hopefully we
are getting to a close mid of June for
the first three that is for the first
three bond types. Uh we are probably
going to launch around $2 million. Let's
see across them. So it's a small
operation but it's very important
because these are the pioneers. This is
the first time that we set up the entire
Luxembourg structure here. uh made it
available through an LLC in the United
States uh and to all the other
jurisdictions that I mentioned and it's
going to be very important because this
first cohort of investors including me
by the way I'm the biggest investor in
this I'm I will be the biggest bond
holder it is very important in my
opinion it is the logical conclusion of
2 and a half years nearly trading
aggressively actively and with I think
very good success here throughout a time
where it wasn't always easy on Tesla as
You remember we had problems with Tesla
and converting that ability into
stabilized much more stabilized bond
products that still offer significant
upside is very important for Pioneer
Lands because don't forget what we're
doing in Pioneer Lands here is to
basically prepare all of us. Here is
pioneerlands.org. You can go there
pineal lens daily getting better by the
day but will take another month or so to
really be fine-tuned. Uh here we are
basically having a free community. You
can also become a citizen pay n bucks a
month and be more involved in everything
that helps us to pay for our people here
who keep this all organized and improve
it all the day all day long. What we
doing here is basically covering Pioneer
Alpha, Pioneer Wealth, which will be
renamed to Pioneer Capital uh over the
weekend. But Pioneer Alpha where we are
looking at the AGI story right from
robots to autonomy, autonomous driving
to space to blockchain to macro. We are
looking at Pioneer Wealth where it's
about personal finance and so on and so
forth to Pioneer Politics where we look
at all the stuff that's happening in
Europe, in the United States, in
Australia, in Canada, in the UK. You
know how it goes to watch out for what's
happening. And our mission here is with
Pioneer Lands Daily to keep everyone
informed, but also to blueprint a new
type of media governance because
everything we do here will be open to
the community. the decisions what will
what we publish what we focus on and
even the editorial perspectives will be
much more transparent because we believe
that capital media and politics need to
be much more transparent and controlled
by the pioneers for ourselves. So people
who understand that they become
pioneers. They understand we can shape
society especially now that most of the
control structures are breaking down
behind the scenes that we can rebuild a
much better much more transparent and
much more citizen controlled democracy
for ourselves. And a true democracy has
three pillars. Politics and voting media
media production media consumption that
needs to be controlled by the citizens
and of course capital. That of course
needs to be controlled by those who
actually own the capital which is us. So
instead of delegating the capital
governance, delegating it to some stupid
fund that is intransparent or some money
manager pension fund your money going
there they are taking your money and
voting without asking you on all kinds
of evil things behind the scenes against
your own interest will stop in Pioneer
Lands. We will make sure we control our
own capital and we discuss everything
together through Pioneer Lands Daily and
some other structures like Pioneer
Academy on the media side that we
produce the media we consume through I
think a very good strategy how we build
this out including education by the way
where every citizen has a say and full
transparency into why how are these
articles even generated how do we select
this and what do we do about it and
finally pioneer politics which is all
downstream of capital and media so
that's easy to manage once we have the
first two under control. So that is
happening here. So check out
pioneerlands.org. Uh tune in tomorrow on
Sunday. We have a live academy of course
happening as every Sunday um at uh what
is it 10 a.m. Pacific time
noon central time. But you will see it
on the you will see it scheduled here.
7:00 p.m. ET is actually wrong. This is
7:00 p.m. uh central European time. Let
me see about that. And uh yeah, that is
how I see it. What we will do next week
in terms of making sure we keep
outperforming is we are watching Tesla
very closely. Next week will be a tricky
one. I hope everything is stable and
doesn't get flushed down too much. But I
think the week after next week, we are
getting into interesting catalyst
territory with a World Cup launching in
Texas with the Cyber Caps getting lined
up in Dallas where most of these games
happening are happening and the
anniversary of Robo Taxi launch in
Austin actually coming up the week
after. So, there's a lot happening. plus
the end of the first half of 2026, which
coincides with Tesla's Q4 statement in
the earnings deck that they will unlock
a whole range of additional cities in
H1, which means within the next 30 days,
otherwise they would be late and would
be a little embarrassing. And I don't
think Tesla wants to get embarrassed,
and I don't think they will get
embarrassed. And if all that is
happening, hello, all-time highs, here
we come. It's one of these nice moments
in my opinion where we have a defined
window of time where certain things are
likely to happen and the market not
really pricing it in yet. That is called
alpha generation opportunity. So let's
see what happens. Of course, everything
you you never know. You have to be on
top of it. If you go leverage or
anything, you need to make sure to be
able to pull the plug within the blink
of an eye if things go wrong. Otherwise,
you get killed. That's why we have
Pioneer Alpha. That's why I'm doing
this. Okay, very good. I hope that was
enjoyable. Just a quick update on
performance. Go to pinealance.org, check
it out, and check in tomorrow. Until
then, thank you.