Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       What Are Tesla And SpaceX Really Worth?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcuBv3xeCL0
Published:   2026-05-18 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-18 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla's worth about $1.32 trillion.
SpaceX is now slated to go public on
June 12th at a possible valuation of
around 1.75 trillion. Stop and think
about that. SpaceX, a private rocket
company, is now arguably bigger than
Tesla. And here's why this matters right
now. There's a real chance Elon
announces a merger between these two
companies. If that happens, the exchange
ratio, how much Tesla shareholders get
versus SpaceX shareholders, depends
entirely on what each one is actually
worth. get that math wrong and you could
hand value away without knowing it. So
today, let's do the real work. Tesla did
22 billion in revenue last quarter, 21%
margins. SpaceX did roughly 18 billion
for all of last year, less revenue. But
here's the part nobody talks about.
Starlink's margins are much higher than
Tesla's, and they're scaling faster. You
cannot value either of these with a PE
ratio. Today, I'll show you the method
that actually works and whether either
company is under or overvalued. Let's
get into it. We got Larry Goldberg here
with us today. He's a serial
entrepreneur, has been an active venture
capital investor for the last decade.
Check out his website at lumicenti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Thanks. Great to be here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, you are the person I need
you to be here because we need to figure
out uh the valuation. This is the
biggest topic that seems to be debated
amongst Tesla investors. uh you know
what is SpaceX going to go on IPO when
this merger is announced and whatever if
it happens is Tesla shareholders going
to get a fair deal or not? What we do
know right now oops this is actually the
wrong one. It's uh as of Friday it was
$1.32 trillion not 1.67 and SpaceX is
valued at $2 trillion but it doubled in
a couple months. That's the current
market cap. And now this sorry this is
this is uh private markets are saying
this we don't know what it really is but
what's your thinking about the current
you know setup of how investors are
valuing both companies at this point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah Tesla has the specific disadvantage
of being known of being very wellstudied
and known by the market. SpaceX has the
great advantage of being this unknown,
highly soughtafter name in the private
markets that public markets haven't seen
yet. And so, you know, you got this
this inequality of information. So, it's
quite clear to me that the Tesla share
price is going to be influenced very
heavily by the success or otherwise of
the SpaceX
IPO. If the SpaceX IPO succeeds, I think
the Tesla share price will definitely
um be impacted
positively. So I think we're in a period
of of uncertainty and in that
uncertainty there's going to be a lot of
volatility on both share prices. So if
you look at the SpaceX share price the
official valuation in the round the last
round that occurred which included the
acquisition of XAI and X or XAI which
incorporated X was 1.25 25 trillion
dollars for SpaceX, which was roughly
akin to what the SpaceX valuation has
been hovering around. Um, but now with
the excitement around the IPO, the
SpaceX valuation has jumped. I mean,
literally, I mean, it's it's hovering
around the $2 trillion mark in that
area.
So you know it's a highly sought after
share because it's extremely rare. When
it becomes generally available we can
expect the price to immediate you know
so what do what do I expect? I expect
the IPO to be heavily overs subscribed
very heavily over subscribed.
I expect there to be kind of a burst of
energy on opening day. I expect that
there's going to be continual pressure,
upward pressure on the pricing as the
index funds are forced to buy and
there's still a lock up of shares.
But I think that will ameliorate over
time.
And so by the end of the year,
December, I'm talking about December
this year, January next year, I expect
both companies
will steady at a more consistent rate,
at a more
market tested rate, if you wish. Um, and
I expect that we'll see Robbo taxi
expand significantly. We'll see the
Cyber Truck being released. We'll see
the improvements in the marketplace in
in Europe for EVs improved and and we'll
have the first
humanoid robots Optimus coming out of
the new the existing factory in in
in California. So
I think that by December we will see the
prices the market prices stabilize
and the equivalent relationships.
I can talk about the quality of earnings
the quality of revenue and the quality
of earnings of each of those companies.
You can contrast them but you can also
equilibrate them.
um both have got a lot going for them
and both have got you know question
marks around some issues of timing some
issues of potential success.
So I'm thinking time will will cure this
and we will see the company settle down
in the marketplace. The beauty is they
will both be public
and the public markets tend to resolve
around value around you know what their
value really is. That make sense?
&gt;&gt; It does. I agree with you. So can you
tell me what your thinking is your
prediction of when what when will the
events occur? So we now know that SpaceX
will IPO June 12th. Okay, that's already
been announced. That's pretty well set
in stone. NASDAQ
goes IPO. We now know that it's going to
be included in exchange ratios 5 days
after. Another I'm sorry, index funds 5
days later, 5 days after that, a second
one and a third one 15 days later.
&gt;&gt; When do you think
&gt;&gt; small index funds?
&gt;&gt; Small index. Okay. When do you expect
that they will make the announcement if
there is that Tesla and SpaceX are going
to merge?
&gt;&gt; Everything turns on the lockup.
So when when when a company goes public,
its insiders are subject to what is
called a lockup. That lock up means that
the insiders can't sell their shares for
a period. Typically somewhere between 3
months and six months. Some some of the
companies have a lock up for three
months, others six months.
In the case of the SpaceX IPO, this is a
very difficult situation because it is
so huge. Ju just to give you a sense of
just how big this IPO is, it's double
the size of the largest IPO there's ever
&gt;&gt; double the size. And the float, that is
to say, the stocks, the shares that
they're issuing at IPO is a tiny
proportion of the token stock. You know,
we're talking about a valuation of
somewhere between one and a4 trillion
and $2 trillion somewhere in that range,
but they're issuing only $75 trillion of
of new stock,
which means the index funds are going to
be buying it. So, and so there's not
much stock available for the market.
So, I I expect there's going to be very
heavy bidding on the stock on day one.
And that bidding is going to be constant
and we're going to see a climb up. I
think the market value of SpaceX can
climb to$2 trillion very quickly.
I think it's going to be overs
subscribed by 12 times, which is an
incredible statement because we're
talking about a subscription,
you know, in the trillions. Well, it's
75 billion, you know, almost a trillion
dollars. That's a lot of money even in
D's world.
So,
so what I'm saying is that there's going
to be a spike in the price early,
but I think that by year's end, it will
settle into a true market price. That
means that until the lockups are over,
and I expect there to be a successive
release of the lockups over the 6 months
between June and December. Until the
lockups are over,
until all the index funds have done
their bit,
I cannot imagine how there could be a
merger of equals.
&gt;&gt; An announcement, just an announcement.
Well, a merger of equal starts with an
announcement because
the boards have to agree to meet to
discuss it and then they have to
announce it. So there's a secret there's
a ballet dance that has to be done and
so
I don't see how it can be done before
the end of the year.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
But when they announce it,
so we don't know what the deal is. We
don't know that. And so that's why I
think it's a little premature for most
people here.
&gt;&gt; No, they won't know the deal either.
When the when the announcement comes,
it'll be the boards have agreed to
consider a merger of equals.
&gt;&gt; That's it. No deal. Doesn't say we'll
buy you at this price or that price.
&gt;&gt; No, because that has to be established.
It has to be established by independent
directors on the team.
&gt;&gt; Okay. That's what I was asking you.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So if we don't know anything then I
think a lot of discussion that
&gt;&gt; you're not talking to an expert on
corporate governance.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; And there are very few people who are
experts in mergers of equals. I'm giving
you my opinion
and my opinion is I mean from what I've
read the dance occurs like this each
board
you know members of the board meet they
decide that there is a good reason to
explore a merger of equals because
there's there's conccomatants around a
subject or it appears that there would
be a good deal and so the boards appoint
representatives ives. These
representatives are independent
members of the board plus external
auditor, accountants and external
lawyers. They form a committee. The
committee start examining the
possibilities and they come up with a
deal over time. What's and and and and
I'm supposing the right time to do this
is after all the lockups are done and we
have an we have a share price
established. Well, when that merger is
announced or when when the exploration
of the merger of equals is announced,
there's going to be movement in the
share price and it's going to be up for
both. But I'm thinking they should move
roughly in in you know in it some form
of equality and then they have to decide
on what the equivalent price will be if
if it happens after the lockup is all
over and after the index funds are
included maybe even the S SNP index is
done. That's a big index. All these
other index funds are small S&amp;P gigantic
you know whether they will relax their
you know time requirements or not but
but once that's done
we should have reasonable market price
of both of those stocks and that would
be the sort of
basis for the merger is that make any
sense to me?
&gt;&gt; Well, I wanted to hear your thoughts
because this is the thing, right? The
big debate amongst the Tesla investors
today is, oh, it's not fair because
Tesla is not yet raising and price has
not gone up. And then what you're saying
is that well, if they don't make the
announcement until 6 months from now,
maybe even the end of this year, and
they don't even say what the actual deal
is until, you know, until it's figured
out, which is much later. By that point,
we don't know what Tesla's price will be
by then. Maybe it's already uh risen
because of robo taxi roll out and so
this all the discussion that we're
hearing the debate is very premature by
many people right now.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely right. It is terribly
immature. Premature and immature
um
&gt;&gt; Okay. So you said it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Because you know they're looking
at the share price today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; There's going to be a rover taxi roll
out between now and the end of the year.
There's going to be new there's going to
be a lot of announcements from Tesla
between now and and when when the lockup
is over and when I think this mer is
going to happen. And that's one of the
things the Tesla board want to get past.
They want to get past all these moments
in time. But the other thing is you
can't look at the stock price today and
think about what the stock price of
SpaceX is going to be in six weeks time,
four weeks time. You got to look at the
share price of the two stocks on the
day. I have a theory that the Tesla
stock is going to start moving in lock
step with SpaceX stock. Wow.
&gt;&gt; Regardless if they announce it or did
they announce it? You said that last
week. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's what I think. Now,
today the stock went down quite a lot.
Um,
which surprised me to be honest. I would
have thought it would have been voided
somewhat by the SpaceX announcements,
but we'll see. I I honestly um think
that we will be in the 500 range for the
Tesla stock by the end of the year.
um and and rising. And that would not be
a bad deal if the SpaceX,
you know, is capitalized at about
$1.8 to $2.2 trillion dollar. And you
know, that would be Tesla at almost $2
trillion, just over $2 trillion. So that
would be a reasonable relationship. What
troubles me about the Tesla investors
unst
is that they they keep thinking they're
going to be cheated, but they don't
assign any value to the future of SpaceX
because they they understand Tesla. They
understand SpaceX as badly as they say
the
Tesla bears understand Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Well, I want you to explain that. So
let's get there now. Uh first of all,
thank you because this is the point I
wanted to make which is the conversation
the debate's happening now and people
are saying it's not fair. Robo taxi is
still going to rise. I don't the the
merger is not happening today. It's not
going to the announcement you believe is
not even going to happen until 6 months
or eight months from now. And then when
they do announce it, we won't even know
the actual valuation yet. And we have to
wait until they tell you what the actual
uh deal is. Then we can debate whether
or not we think at that point which is
so far away.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And then the other bit that people
say is this what you're saying now look
Tesla has a great business. We got auto
energy and services combined in Q1 it
was around 25 billion$26 billion. So in
a year it's about hundred billion per
year and robo taxi is going to come. Uh
but in the meantime
&gt;&gt; optimist
&gt;&gt; Yeah. In the meantime, you've got that's
margins. And then in the meantime,
you've got SpaceX. Well, they only had
$18.5 billion of revenue for a whole
year. That's 1/4th or 1/5ifth of what
Tesla had. But you want to remind people
that okay, there's a difference because
uh the mar the revenue is not what you
number you should look at, it's the
margins. Can you explain that to people
so they understand? I mean Starlink is
its revenue is like
twothirds of the revenue's margin
more than 2/3 of revenue's margin but in
you can use that as a yard stick
&gt;&gt; 66 70% of margin
in Tesla you know you got 14 to 18%
margin
&gt;&gt; right yeah
&gt;&gt; so revenue doesn't count the other thing
is Tesla's revenue venue is kind of
static. It's declined a lot. It's kind
of static now. We expect it to start
growing rapidly with robo taxi, but
SpaceX's revenue is extraordinarily
dynamic now.
Extraordinarily dynamic. Yes, they say,
"But we've got Robo Taxi coming." Tesla
Bull say, "Yeah, we got Robo Taxi
coming." And we do, and then we have
Optimus coming, and we do. But what
they're missing is SpaceX
has got Starship coming
which is going to turbocharge the rate
of growth. As fast as the rate of growth
is now, it's going to turbocharge the
rate of growth. Remember what I told
you? Just a few rockets, just a few
starships will equal all of 10 starships
will equal all of the bandwidth that
Starlink has
has launched to date in in in the five
years it's been in business. Just 10
launches and they're going to be
launching, you know, one or two a week
and then one or two a day.
So,
we're on the brink of explosive growth
in a proven business in in SpaceX,
just the same as we would be with Rover
Taxi and just the same as we will be in
humanoid robots, you know, and and and
then once you get beyond Starship and
what it can do with Starling, you get
into the opportunities
of of data centers in the sky. So you
you can draw a parallel a very close
parallel between SpaceX's opportunities
and Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I want you to double down double
click on this because I obviously has
been speaking to a number of Tesla
shareholders and a couple things that
they tell me. One is well SpaceX it's
not the revenue and the opportunity for
SpaceX is long-term. They're saying
four, five, six, seven, 10 years from
now, that's when a good. Secondly,
they'll say, "Starlink, yeah, I see it's
a business today, but it's really small
business." Okay. What you just said, and
I and I've done a show with you. I've
you showed me the numbers, but I want
you to tell this audience today. You're
saying that Starlink is already got
10,000 satellites and they're already
generating revenue today, but a new V3
is going to come out and they're going
to easily double the 10,000 within one
month and then they're going to keep
growing. And your statement is that
Starlink existing business, you don't
have to wait for moonbased cities. You
don't have to wait for AI data centers.
Starlink this year, next year is going
to increase in revenue and mar and
specifically margin because it's three
times four times the margin compared to
an uh robo taxis and others. It's going
to equal pretty well closely the size of
the robo taxi market for Tesla. So as
Tesla gains share because of robo taxi
opportunity, SpaceX should also rise
because of Starlink. They're in your
mind you're telling me that they're
equal businesses and the same time
basically the same time frame like next
year as opposed to waiting.
&gt;&gt; Extraordinary business. Starink is an
extraordinary business. Firstly, it is a
monopoly.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; It's got competitors coming. But you
know, Roboax has got competitors coming.
But right now
there's no Whimo in the sky. There's no
Whimo.
Starink is like robo taxi in six months
time.
Starink is at least 6 months to a year
ahead of Robo.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; With what they've already built over the
last five, it's taken them five years to
build. It's true. But with Starship,
they're going to be able to launch
one entire Starlink
G
like
&gt;&gt; there's 10,000 satellites now equivalent
to that. Not the number of satellites,
but the equivalent of what they're able
to provide every month.
&gt;&gt; Every single month.
&gt;&gt; Wow. They're going to launch an entire
if you take the last five years of
Starlink, every month they're going to
launch as much bandwidth.
&gt;&gt; Okay? Basically, it's double and then
triple of what it is now, then quadruple
what it is now,
&gt;&gt; month by month by month by month.
&gt;&gt; Okay?
&gt;&gt; And so, so we are we're not at the stage
of robo taxi, we're at the next stage of
robo taxi with staring,
&gt;&gt; right? Because
&gt;&gt; robo taxi are not yet paying their way.
They aren't they haven't met
&gt;&gt; the nuts. They haven't met the overhead
of running the Starling business, the
robo taxi business here. We've got to
get enough robo taxis out there to meet
the base
the base level of cost and then start
earning his profit and then start
expanding. Starink's done all that.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; They're actually making profits now.
They're making big profits now, but
nothing like what's coming. Nothing
nothing like what's coming. We're about
to go into overdrive. We are in over.
And so we're like a year or two ahead of
where Robo Taxi are. And we have as much
opportunity in terms of total market,
total tam
&gt;&gt; as robo taxis we have in the sky
&gt;&gt; just with Starlink.
&gt;&gt; Just with Starlink. Okay, that's the
message you shared with me when we did
that show, but retail shareholders Tesla
retail shows kind of like still don't
believe it. So, we need to hammer that
message home. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I'm not sure we can ever convince them.
I mean, you know, Mach 33, we had the
folks from Mark 33 on the call with us
and they had done the analysis and you
know, their analysis is very, very
rigorous. They're amazing people. They
had down to the, you know, down to the
transistor. They had figured it out to
the to the process that they figured it
out. And it's very clear to me that we
are not at the brink of we're in within
three months from today the first Star
Link B3
satellite is going to be in or at that
point
you're throwing into orbit 60 satellites
at a time each one of which is equal to
an entire launch of a Falcon 9. And
we're going to go from, you know, one
launch a week to one launch a day to
three launches a day of 60 satellites
with this massive capacity.
And it looks like there's a m there's
appetite to take all that they can
deliver. And we're not even talking
about direct to sell and all the other
possibilities.
So
Starlink is a business that's making
money today. very good margins, 60%
margins,
very good revenue,
growing extraordinarily rapidly. We are
the robo taxi of the sky
and we are like a a good two years ahead
of where Tesla is with its business
&gt;&gt; robo taxi. Okay. So, uh the way to value
a company, I think I know you agree with
me, it's not PE ratio. It is looking at
the sum of the parts all the different
part of business you go look forward
maybe you might choose five years maybe
you want to go 10 years then you do a
discounted cash flow cash flow you can
give huge probability
you know u say hey it's not it's maybe
it's a discounted by 50% chance it's
going to happen or they won't win the
whole market they'll win 10% 1% go and
do that
&gt;&gt; but if you do and you look at Tesla
they've got robo taxi they've got
optimist FSD all these things you bring
it is your statement. You believe that
SpaceX some of the parts and Ford
discounted cash flow there really are
going to be in your mind about mergers
of equals in the future because you've
you've made the statement to me before
you've made the statement before that
that Starlink is the same size of TAM
and and revenue and margins as Roboaxi
is. And then you said that
&gt;&gt; uh AI data centers is about the same as
Optimus if if not even bigger. But it's
like it's like they're they're big.
They're both massive. So you don't say
that Tesla is so much a huge better op
future than SpaceX, right?
&gt;&gt; I I don't know whether Optimus is bigger
than Data Centers in the Sky or Data
Centers in the Sky is bigger than
Optimus. I don't know if Starlink is
bigger than or less than Rover Taxi. All
I know is both that all four are
gigantic businesses. The tam of which is
just unknown. It was going to change
it's going to change our behavior
&gt;&gt; so dramatically
you know that it's almost inconceivable.
I will tell you this.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; That SpaceX's dominance
is as great or even greater than Tesla's
dominance.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; In FSD.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And SpaceX's dominance in data centers
in the sky is a equal or better than
Optimus's dominance. So if you look at
those two businesses as roughly
parallel,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's extremely difficult to choose
between them and then
you have to say all of this is going to
be driven by what?
the ability to create a terra
and produce the chips that drive the the
the next level
&gt;&gt; and of of competitive advantage.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Not just for data centers,
for Optimus,
for FSD,
for Starlink, and for data centers.
Terraab is going to be critical to keep
those product lines way ahead of the
rest of the world.
So
in my mind, you know, I I I'm a product
guy. I mean above everything else I'm a
product guy and I just look at those
products and I just see that this is a
portfolio
it's a killer portfolio
you know and so I can argue you know the
discounted cash flow of this particular
product versus that particular product
that's what matters what
matters is the
the unitary nature of this opportunity
and the fact that these four product
lines play into each other almost 100%.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So to me they're not a different
company. I I'm looking at it from a
purely strategic point of view that it's
critical to bring these products
together to fully realize the
opportunity with Optimus to fully
realize the opportunity with FSD to
fully realize the opportunity with uh
Starling to fully re realize the
opportunity with data centers in the
sky. We need Terraab. We need energy
um technology. And so for me, it's one
company.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That's mine.
&gt;&gt; Well spoken. Well said. The other point
I want to make is that people who look
at SpaceX and go, "Oh, that's a future
business. Lots of things that are way in
the future." They don't have the
imagination to understand what's what
truly is. You just said it, which is
SpaceX is uni is basically has control
of this the space the skies. Um and
maybe Amazon might be a competitor but
they're tiny competitor and sure you can
have two but the point is just a month
ago there was no deal with anthropic
that's5 to6 billion like that
&gt;&gt; right there
&gt;&gt; then there's a deal with Google
&gt;&gt; not just the five to6 billion it's the
opening the opening bid was5 to6 billion
&gt;&gt; it's like like that and then so you know
and then they signed a deal or they're
they're in discussions with Google and
so you know that they're about to
announce they're going to sign this
deal, that deal, that deal. There will
be countries that will say, "Please send
up my, you know, everything that they
need, all that." Space data centers.
People don't realize that what Starship
if it succeeds and it's the same
situation as Optimus, same situation as
rotating, but if it succeeds,
it is like a four 4 to 10x improvement
over anything else even on the horizon
by any competitor of any country or any
company. And that's the magic bullet
behind you know what will give Tesla the
differentiation and SpaceX the
different.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. You did it. This was exactly
what I wanted to understand today. I
know the audience has been lots of
things you answered today. This is your
opinion. I know you don't you're not not
claiming you know everything but it's I
needed to understand your point of view
because I've asked a bunch of people
their thoughts and then you kind of um
decide. Honestly, I think it's Elon's
point of view.
&gt;&gt; Of course,
&gt;&gt; I think I'm just kind of echoing what
I've heard him say.
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay. I don't know. I mean, I've
I've heard others who say that they
think that the announcement will happen
before November and that the shareholder
meeting happen in November for the
actual vote, Tesla vote will happen in
November.
&gt;&gt; All of that's possible. I I'm not stuck
on it happening
next year or so on. But I just see some
practical problems.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; With doing this when there's still a
lockup going on. So I I don't know. I
mean,
&gt;&gt; all right.
&gt;&gt; And and honestly,
if somebody feels differently from me,
please, you know, it's just my it's just
my point of view. You don't have to
&gt;&gt; get excited. It's it's all educated
guesses and I ask you to please share.
Thank you so much Larry. Follow him on
his ex account at Tesla Larry. Check out
his website lumisenti.com. Thanks
everybody. I've created a website that
is the most comprehensive resource for
the Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herdom.com.