Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla Stock Got BAD NEWS Today (But Will Recover Quickly)
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ifQY-9K3sM
Published:   2026-09-04 18:38 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-04 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

roid today. In fact, it is back exactly
where it started yesterday before the
big runup into the cyber cap event. And
if you are a newbie, a beginner, you
think I told you so. It's a sell the
news event. But that theory does not
hold up because at opening what we saw
is that the stock was actually going not
so much down. It was in pre-market at
363 and then opened around there and
then the big drop happened
and when this big drop happened just in
parallel what we saw on X spreading is a
very specific piece of news and this
news is actually of extreme importance.
First I thought, is that really
important? But then very quickly I
figured out yes it is because I looked
actually into this problem a couple of
weeks
ago
and the problem is that this is actually
very serious and what we are looking at
and that is actually driving the stock
down today. It is not a sell the news
thing. The event was fine. It was of
course a total down as everyone knew it
will be but it's also not that important
because this was not about an event. It
was about the fact that we are launching
commercially cyber cap and that's
exactly what happened. So there's not
much reason to be pessimistic about the
event because this was not about the
event. It was about cybercap is now
commercially available and over the next
few weeks we will see how serious this
is and how the scaling goes. And
therefore I expected the stock to move
slightly up or down. not much happening
and that's exactly what happened before
this news came out and we will dig into
what that news means and we will also
dig into why it came out exactly now
and why the event
why the event was actually scheduled
where it was scheduled and why other
things actually happened before and how
this all connects and what it means for
Cyber Cap for the ability to scale and
the legal situation behind the whole
thing. So, here is what happened. The US
National Highway Traffic Safety
Administration, also known as Nitsa,
this is the federal organization that is
in charge of overseeing cars and all
kinds of things and making sure everyone
is kind of safe, okay, on the road. They
approve all cars kind of. We'll go into
this in a second. And they have to also
approve or oversee autonomous vehicles
like Cyber Cap.
And we they had this debate earlier this
year like what about this 2500
ceiling number of autonomous vehicles
with no controls.
Does Tesla have to stay below 2 and a
half thousand which of course would be a
disaster? What about Zuks that has an
exemption that allows them to scale up
to to these two and a half thousand and
why is Tesla believing that they don't
that this does not apply to them? Now I
looked into exactly the legal situation
what is going on here and because I now
understand it at a high resolution this
here is not that great.
So the Nitsa National Highway Traffic
Safety Association announced that they
will
actually audit the self-certification
procedure of Tesla. So Tesla said
according to the law they have to say
that we selfcertified
that cyber cap is ready to be on the
road and the self-certification follows
a certain prescription by Nitsa where
you have to put certain check boxes you
know we have to put check marks into the
check box and say yes Nitsa says we have
to do all these things in order for a
car to be allowed on the road and there
are certain check boxes you have to
check and Tesla checked that self said
certified and said yes yes yes this is
all fine and now Nitsa is saying it's
maybe not fine we have to look into what
you selfcertified there because we
believe it is potentially not correct
and if it's not correct they cannot
deploy cyber caps on the road
so what are we talking exactly about
okay what are we talking exactly about
this is very important And this is about
procedures and rules. So a lot of Tesla
fans say like, "Oh, FSD is so safe. We
showed it's safe." This is not about
safety. Who talks about safety here?
It's about a checklist of things that
you need to have.
And the bad news is, and I said this or
I thought this, I realized this about
three weeks ago when I looked into the
details, but I thought, who knows? Maybe
they're not doing anything about, but
now they are. what this checklist is. I
can show you. I posted this here. Maybe
have a better structured
version of my post. So we can go through
the exact thing uh to understand
what is happening here
uh and go through this
exact
situation
uh
here we have it here here's my post so I
will explain this to you guys in this
post if it loads
Good.
Tesla's stock isn't falling because of
the event, but because Nitsa will stop
Cyber Cap from scaling. There you have
it. This was predictable. Nitsa was
initiate has initiated an audit against
Tesla CyberCap selfcertification.
That surf certification is necessary to
be allowed to employ them at scale. The
problem here's the problem. This audit
is nearly guaranteed.
That's what most people don't
understand. It is nearly guaranteed to
show Tesla's selfcertification is
invalid.
That's the conclusion I came to. There
is no way other than enormous
behindthe-scenes
things magic of Tesla that I do not
think they can pull off here. It is
nearly safe to say that they will fail
this audit. Why? Because there is one
rule FMVSS135
that requires human usable brake pedals
in cars. It is a checklist. It says yes
we have human usable brake pedals in
cars in our cars but they don't.
Lass head of engineer of Tesla tried to
argue that this rule is satisfied but my
reading my reading is there is no way to
win that argument. There is absolutely
no way. Lass and Tesla try to argue
here. It's like, well, it says you need
breaks, but what is the deeper purpose
of why they're saying you need breaks?
Because you have humans and here are no
humans. Blah yada yada yada. That is all
fine, but it does not hold up in an
audit because the regulators are under
pressure. And that's what we have to
understand. If the regulators just had
to deal with Tesla with a very friendly
Trump administration and Duffy as the
secretary, they would probably just not
look at it. There's like, well, we get
it. We get it. Not important. Whatever.
But they are competitors. Uber is toast.
Lyft is toast. Whimo is toast. These
people are finished. They are
multi-billion dollar businesses that are
finished if Cyber Cap scales. and they
will move heaven and earth to use every
possible thing to stop Cybercap,
especially now that it is launched. And
what is the lowest hanging fruit?
Putting pressure
on Nitsa to enforce their own rules,
especially if that rule is crystal clear
and there is simply no way to argue your
way out of it. Do you have a break?
Tesla says yes, effectively,
even though we don't.
And we say this rule is satisfied
because it's not about the text, it's
about the meaning of the text. And of
course, if you're an administrator, you
say, "Dude, listen. It says you have a
break. You don't have a break. You're
screwed." And we know that because Zuks
went through the exact same process and
came to that conclusion with Nitsa. We
will look into that in a second. Without
the self-certification or with the
self-certification gone, once the audit
is completed, Tesla will lose the
self-certification. I am 99% sure about
that. Tesla needs an exemption. Well,
that's one way to solve it. But Tesla
could get an exemption, but that
exemption, here's the problem, is
limited to 2 and a half thousand cars.
That is the famous number. It is about
the exemption that you can get for cars
that do not fulfill these rules.
But it's a statutory
rule. So Duffy, the Secretary of
Transportation, cannot wave this rule.
this rule is in the law and so Congress
would need to do new legislation. Good
luck with that even with all the
lobbying power in the world. That is
extremely hard to get through. Okay,
which effectively means the path to
change the 2 and 5,000 car rule blocker
is kind of blocked. Okay.
Now there is a solution to the whole
thing. Nitsa is allowed. This is not
statutory to change their own rules.
They do not need Congress to change this
rule here about the brakes and some
other things, but it's mostly about the
brakes if we are very specific.
Nitsa is allowed to change that. Of
course, it takes time. But guess what?
On June 25th this year, Nitsa published
a supplementary rule change to this
rule, the modernization of number 135
FMVSS to accommodate autonomy
uh ADS equipped vehicles, auton
autonomous driving system equipped
vehicles.
So this is already in motion to change
the rule to the benefit of Tesla and
everyone else. So they do not run into
that problem anymore. And a lot of Tesla
influencers and fans say, "Oh, there you
have it, Joe. No problem." Well, the
problem is this is the government. The
problem is these are lawyers. The
problem is it doesn't matter if some
rule supplementation process has been
initiated. This does not matter in
enforcement.
What would matter is if that rule
supplementation becomes effective but it
is not effective as of today.
And you see how the situation is now
unfolding. There is a live audit
initiated now. Tesla has no chance in my
assessment to survive this audit. This
audit will lead to CyberCap being shut
down effectively.
There is a new rule that is now pushed
into the process that if it would be
approved and become effective could
remove at least that part of the audit
process and make the odds to survive the
audit dramatically higher but not
guaranteed.
Okay, that is the exact situation. So we
have to understand this is very serious
because we have an audit now and this
audit will lead to the shutdown of
CyberCap.
No way around that.
Now there are two saving graces maybe
three but let's stick to the first two.
The first saving grace is that this
process takes very long and while this
process the audit process is in effect
Tesla is allowed to just continue. So in
theory while the audit is going on Tesla
could deploy hundreds of thousands of
cyber caps if they wanted to. They of
course take some risk because if it
comes back to shut it down which it will
then they have a little problem.
And to give you a little bit of insight,
I did some research here. Is there
precedent? And the answer is there is
president. We actually went through this
process. Okay. And I have it listed it
here because who went through this
process? Zuks. Zuks is the Amazon
self-driving car, right? And when you
look at it in June 30th, 2022, Zuks
announces the certification,
right? So Zuks did exactly what Tesla
did. Zuks announced in June 30th, 2022,
congratulations to ourselves. We
selfcertified. Our cars are amazing.
They can drive.
On September 6, finally enough, so
exactly nearly 3 years ago, Nitsa
special order initiated a quality audit
68 days later. They said, "Wait a
moment. No, no, no." So the bad news is
here and it's initiates this audit
rapidly faster much faster for Tesla
because they're initiated effectively
within the same day of CyberCap launch
which makes me a little suspicious what
the competition is doing here. I think
Nitsa looks at CyberCap very differently
and there are lots of people who are
trying to bake their cake here, bake it
away. Uh Uber and people like this Uber
and Google are probably behind the
scenes lobbying dramatically. They are
breathing down the neck of Nitsa and say
you guys have a job to do enforce the
law against Tesla because you see 68
days later Nitsa started to audit zuks
based on their self-certification but
hours after the launch less than 24
hours later after cybercap launch they
start Tesla investigation so something
is sketchy here I'm pretty sure
September 6 started then November 60
days later 60 days after this audit was
initiated. Zuk's response. Okay.
Four months later, they start the audit
in response to the response.
And then 19 months later, so one and a
half years later, Nitsa actually starts
with the on-site inspection in response
to the response. Inspection report is
then created within two months. Zuks
file exemption to get the 2 and a half
thousand approved and then uh exemption
is granted but Zuks gets shut down.
Okay, they did not survive the audit and
instead got their exemption. You
understand? If you do not survive the
audit, you can file for an exemption.
You get two and a half thousand cars but
not more. If you survive the audit, you
can do as many cars as you want but you
will not survive the audit.
Now the good news is this took 2.4 years
to complete
and there are many reasons why then that
wouldn't be a problem because many
things will change in the next two and a
half years. What concerns me is
Nitsa took 68 days to even start the
audit. Here it took them 12 hours.
Zuk's response 62 days later I think
Tesla will do the same. So we have until
November December for the response.
But my suspicion is instead of four
months waiting before they initiate the
audit, they will initiate the audit the
same minute,
the same week. Maybe they get the
response and the on-site inspection will
probably also be in the same minute
because something is sketchy here. I
think someone is breathing down the neck
of Nitsa and wants Sabap to be shut
down. Guess who? So this is a little
different. We cannot rely I'm
exaggerating a little bit on the
timeline but we will we cannot rely that
this audit will take two and a half
years. It could be much faster and lead
to the shutdown of CyberCap.
These are just the facts we have to
confront. So any speculation that Tesla
will survive the audit,
don't buy it. Read the text. The text
says you need brakes that humans can
step on. Tesla said, "Sure, doesn't
apply to us. We are self-certified."
This survives no audit. The audit says
there are no breaks. You said you have
brakes. You're dead.
So, what do we do now? Well, what about
the other rule? Okay, what about the
rule supplementation that would solve
the problem potentially or very likely
make it much less severe?
Well, here we have the timeline for that
one, for that supplementary thing.
Okay, the probability you know is we
have a low to moderate chance to get it
done to get that rule approved by Q1 or
Q2. Okay, the internal review of the
comments for that rule need to be
checked. So this rule by the way is very
interesting. Do I have this listed here?
The interesting thing is that the
time to actually comment
on this new rule closed
on August 26
and my suspicion is is a very
interesting story. My suspicion is that
Tesla's Cyber Cap launch event
actually considered the whole thing
because I tell you this is non-trivial
what we are discussing right now. Very
non-trivial.
Tesla, weirdly enough,
scheduled the Cyber Cap launch event on
September 3rd, which is roughly a week,
a little bit more than a week later,
than the closing date for comments on
that rule. Why is this important? If
Tesla would have put the Cybercap launch
event a month before closing of the
comments, they would given their head up
to the competition
because the competition could have told
themselves like whatever Tesla will take
forever. They're scaling very slowly.
Cybercap is not coming. If they would
have had a month or even a week after
Cybercap launched to comment on this
thing, they could have swamped the
comments and said, "Oh my god, this rule
is horrible. We need to absolutely not
supplement the rule. We need these
brakes in these cars. Basically, Tesla
managed to schedule that event so they
stay more under the radar, much more
under the radar. They keep, you know,
they have Uber and everyone else
thinking like, oh, this takes forever,
whatever. We shouldn't be too nervous.
And so, they launched the Cyber Cap a
week after and they announced it
basically right at when that commentary
window closed. So now no one can storm
the comments and tell Nitsa you have to
absolutely not approve this change. Just
as a side note
now how long will it take Nitsa to
review that change? Because now we have
two competing timelines. You understand?
One timeline is the audit and the end of
the audit is the end of Cyber Cap as we
know it. Now Tesla has some ways around
that. I will explain this in a second.
The first timeline is the clock is
ticking now for Tesla. Once the audit is
complete, Cyber Cap is shut down. Boom.
And kept at 2 and a half thousand. So
that's what they have to defeat.
The other timeline is when will Nitsa
decide on that new rule
that would completely dissolve I would
say 80 90% of the risk.
The good news is that this new rule is
very likely to be approved within the
next nine months. Now it could be the
next three months if they trick and push
and everything. It is possible
that Nitsa approves and puts into effect
this new rule in November at the
earliest in my estimate. That's the
earliest possible point in time. But
it's much more likely to take six to
nine months maybe. I think behind the
scenes there is a lot of pressure going
on on Nitsa to accelerate from Tesla and
on Nitsa to not accelerate from the
other guys. There's probably a heated
battle behind the scenes. You know how
it is in politics. Everyone tries now to
get to them and say absolutely not or
absolutely accelerated.
So these two timelines are now
competing.
What does it mean for Tesla? In the
absolute worst case, somehow the rule
gets defeated, the new rule, and the
audit proceeds quickly. And in Q1, bing,
Cyber Cap gets shut down.
Not good. Not good. And that is exactly
what drops the stock today because
investors are not that stupid. They say
like, "Dudes, we have a little problem
here with this audit. This is a
non-trivial problem."
Now, are there ways around the whole
situation? Look at the stock. I actually
think it will recover and I will explain
in a second why. But do they have ways
around this whole thing? Uh, yes.
Tesla could manufacture cyber caps with
brakes. You know, the famous fazards, we
have cyber caps with steering wheels and
brakes. And in my theory, they don't
even need the steering wheel. The
steering wheel and the rules can be much
easier argued away. the brakes cannot.
And I'm not totally sure that you can
argue away the steering wheel. I'm just
sure you cannot argue away the brake the
way it's written.
You might also not be able to argue away
nonapproved
like mirrors and some other stuff. Okay.
So Tesla, if everything goes wrong for
Tesla here, they would need to issue
when they scale cyber caps with these
controls.
Can they do that? I do think they can.
Is it a security risk, safety risk? I do
think it is. Imagine you have these dumb
passengers. Some are dumb. You guys are
passengers. So, some of you are smart.
But there are other passengers who are
dumb. And if you give them brakes, they
could just step on the brakes, right?
You know, cyber cap. You're sitting
there and then, oh, there are brakes.
Let's step on it because I'm drunk or
something. And if you steering wheel,
it's even worse. So it's definitely bad
if you have to do that from a safety
perspective, but that's why we have the
government. The government forces us to
introduce additional safety risks
because we have stupid rules. So
I don't think here is my bottom line. My
bottom line is they're not going to
survive the audit. Cybercap cannot have
controls. They only cannot not have
controls. Cannot not have controls.
There is a way out if the new rule gets
approved fast enough which is unclear.
The timeline for both is probably in the
6 to9 months range but it introduces a
problem for the stock because no one
knows the outcome here and this is
serious business and the delusion that
Nitsa is just going to say whatever we
don't care in your case we just did it
in Zuk's case. No way.
Tesla can address that and that is the
good news. It is a little messy. It's a
little annoying,
but the bottom line here is I do not
think I do actually not think that this
thing will change the trajectory of
Tesla scaling at all.
It's bad news for the stock because it's
an overhang,
but it's actually not bad news for the
facts because Tesla can always put the
steering wheels or the brakes in. They
can even use Model Y if if it, you know,
gets to that. But I don't even think
that's necessary.
It creates friction, but it will
probably not delay the trajectory or
shift the trajectory of robo taxi and
cyber cap scaling even a day.
And so here's what I think. The stock is
dropping today.
Dummy investors think, oh, sell the
news. Smart investors who are analysts,
who are like more institutional
investors,
don't sell it because of the news. They
sell it because they see this problem.
Over the weekend and over the next week,
people will discuss this more. It's
like, how big of a problem is that?
There will be conversations with Tesla
behind the scenes and Tesla will tell
them, "Dudes, our lawyers tell us we are
very likely not win this audit, but we
are lobbying behind the scenes and
here's our little tricks to get this new
rule update through in time." But in
worst case, we don't get it through. We
can still scale at the exact same speed
because we have prepared a cybercap
variant with brakes. We have one with
brakes and steering wheel. We have one
with brakes and steering wheel and and
mirrors and one without it. We are
prepared for everything. The additional
cost to put this in is this much doesn't
affect the margins at all. Chill out
people institutional investors. So I
think over the next week Tesla will
clarify with the bigger guys. Dudes,
this is not a problem. We got it under
control. It doesn't mean we can
guarantee we can scale without the
controls, but we have a plan B here. And
that is why I think the stock will
recover. Forget this whole fake news.
Sell the news thing. This is not what's
going on here.
The news that we got today is big news
and it's negative news. But it sounds
for those who understand it sounds first
very negative and then if you look
deeper into it it's actually not that
big of a deal because the tactics to get
around this
are there and figured out. So my take on
it is I think we go back up.
I think the event itself was of course
there's all kinds of criticism because
nothing really happened.
But September 3rd was a decisive history
making day. Cyber cap is launched. We
will see much bigger scale in my opinion
than people expect. We will see hundreds
of cyber caps very quickly in my
opinion. That will be a great catalyst
for the stock. the new overhang that is
a serious new overhang of Nitsa audit
and the shutdown of cyber cap at scale
which will happen
unless the new rule comes in will be
recognized over the next one or two
weeks by the important smart investors
that it's actually not holding up the
scaling because Tesla is prepared
through varants of the cyber cap that
would address these rules.
So there you have it. That is my take on
it. You can do your own research. We all
have AI. Ask AI and be specific. Don't
be a little fanboy delusional magical
thinking person. These are rules. I was
I had to deal with the government a lot
with the US government. It's very
simple. They are just humans. They're
sitting there. They're getting pressure
from all sides. In the end, you default
back to what is written because you're
also just an administrator. You like,
"Dude, here's the rule. I can't change
it. The rule says this. It says you need
freaking brakes and you clearly don't
have brakes. Don't look at me. I can't
do anything about it. Okay. There's this
magical thinking in the Tesla community
like no these people are smart. The
government Duffy is going to say, but
the purpose of the rule is a different
one. Like this is not how it works.
This is not how it works. Okay? It works
that you have rules and you stick to the
rules and you self-certify that you
stuck to the rules. And if you don't and
you get an audit, the audit says dudes,
you can't self-certify. This is invalid.
Boom. End of story. And then you have
other rules how you address these
things. That's why we have this new
thing in now. There's also Duffy working
on a major legislative overhaul of the
whole thing. That would also solve
everything. But then we are dependent on
Congress. On Congress. You know that we
have the midterms coming up where the
Republicans look like they get
eliminated. Now, does that mean that
doesn't work anymore?
Uh, I don't know. It's a lobbying issue.
Can you lobby the Democrats to vote for
it? Of course you can. If you know how.
Can we as shareholders bet on Congress
waving through a totally new law? I
mean, it can all happen. I'm not saying
it's unlikely, but it's totally not
predictable. It's a problem for the
stock because institutional investors
are going to say, "We don't know. This
introduces new risk." Okay, so the
bottom line is here. We have a problem.
This is a serious problem.
But I do think Tesla will have
significant mitigation measures. But
they might include that we have to scale
CyberCap with controls and that is the
fallback option that is safe in my
opinion.
If I'm wrong, by the way, the odds that
I'm wrong
in a negative sense are higher that that
uh compared to I'm wrong in a positive
sense. So what I'm saying is I might
skew too positively here. Uh because
there might be additional rules, not
just the brakes that make this a
problem. And there might be so many
rules that you can't even scale cyber
cap with these controls. But I think you
can.
Let's go into the comments and see what
you guys think.
I'm bullish on the stock right now.
Tactically bullish, also strategically
bullish.
Uh but we have to understand these are
serious problems.
Let's see.
Okay guys, let's go to the comments.
China shell, whoever sold yesterday,
good job. Well,
I wouldn't say that. You can't just look
at the outcome hindsight. I would say it
was more likely than not to not do much
today.
Uh doctor fu fu fu brains. I can't time
the market so I tend to hold because
when I buy anything it drops exactly
here. Guda Omines Danila Gima. Hi
Danila.
We have a ga ga dark mines. Mines is a
beautiful city in the middle of Germany.
Germany kind of middle. Uh Patrick Pjak
July 2027 is when I expect to see Tesla
stock break out. Could break out before
Tesla sure knows how to botch things up.
I don't think it was a Tesla uh fault
this time.
Uh yes, the the the presentation sucked.
I agree.
This is a double quarter pounder with
cheese nothing burger.
Poxy Frostbite has TLDDR me. Uh
I would say this is the bottom line.
You're right, Poxy.
But it will take some days for the
market to realize that because this is
actually complicated.
Uh,
Boomer sooner. Boomer Sooner 27. Hello
Joe. Sometimes it's hard to be patient.
Well, we have to be viaoxy. I was late.
Sorry. Two minutes late. Three minutes
late.
Um,
this isn't event dip. is an audit and
mainstream media is going crazy.
Exactly. But it's to some extent fake
news in the sense I just explained it is
really serious. It will create a problem
but I do think Tesla has everything in
place to address the problem. And the
bottom line is it will not delay.
There's an extremely high chance this
will not delay even a day the scaling
but will require all kinds of
navigation.
There's no revenue from cybercap yet.
So, Wall Street doesn't care until there
is. I disagree. I think they care when
it's clear that there will be.
Uh J J Eber says, "Good evening, your
highness, Johannes."
Get it? Uh, yesterday was a disaster.
It's not true. It wasn't a disaster.
What you're saying is government
agencies are staffed by a large number
of morons that couldn't get jobs in the
private sector. I mean, that's Sam. I
mean, I'm not commenting on this. You're
not completely wrong, but that's also
not the main problem. If you're sitting
there, it's like, what are you going to
do? You have your stupid rules. What are
you going to do?
Uh,
here. Poxy says, "Guys, people,
including our friends like Cyber Bulls,
assumed what they would be able to
share. If you were disappointed, that's
on you. They got there. There was a
short NDA and then people show I mean,
the event like, forget it. The event is
not the reason we have a problem.
Uh Ether says my take it's just the
option play house decided we need to get
ready for the run.
I think this has to do with the audit
zenit zenith bound. You will realize
that it will take a decade for cyber cap
to scale and most of the value is
already baked into the price. I
disagree. I have my model and the model
shows clearly if he can scale to a few
million by the early 2030s,
the stock will go to multiple thousands.
Uh I don't know if any of you have ever
tried to live stream remotely, but if
everyone at a party was trying to live
stream all at once, it would have been
loud, obnoxious, and worse than a short
NDA. That's true.
Uh
Nitsa audit was imminent
says proxy. There has to be a reason to
revise the nitser rules. This is how it
works. It's disruptive technology. Yeah,
we are working on the revision and by
the way I'm just outlining the path
here. If there is no higher intervention
and the the possibility of some higher
intervention, Trump or whatever is
actually high because there's enormous
pressure. Elon is very powerful. There's
enormous pressure on the United States
not looking dumb because the United
States looks very dumb right now. If
they shut down Cyber Cap, the United
States looks very dumb. And there are a
bunch of people who don't want the
United States to look very dumb. This is
not a lowrofile thing. The United States
if they shut down cyber capab will be
the mockery
will be the target of mockery by
everyone including China and Trump
doesn't like that.
Uh there Zuk's presidents Nitsa has the
power and they will use it. Yeah they
have to use it. Also Nitsa doesn't have
too much discretion right. They have to
use it if Uber and Google are breathing
down their neck which they absolutely
guaranteed are right. And Nit says like
caught in the middle. It's not just
Tesla putting pressure on them. It's
also the other guys putting pressure on
them. So what if you are a little
politician in the middle and
administrator say like dudes we have the
rules. Just leave me alone. I stick to
the text. Shut it down. I did it with
Zuks. I have to do it with Cyberap 2
unless the rules are changed. So they
need to stick to the rules. Nitsa if
they want to help Tesla cannot let them
pass the audit. If they want to help
Tesla they can accelerate the new rule
set. That's the main exit here. The main
exit saving grace for Nitsa is they can
focus on the new rules and really push
them through very quickly and they could
be in effect October or November. I
think November at the earliest even
though that's not likely
here. KSA DF Delis Ford says the audit
should find nothing important. That is
not true. The audit has to check the
check boxes and the check boxes will
check for breaks and they will find you
have no breaks. It's very clear what it
will find.
Uh I did close my put at 315% so thank
you Nits. Good job bullish book. I'm
sick of Tesla. Dumped 500 shares last
time was over 400. Never looking back.
Was stale money. finally now making some
equity profits. Uh Boxy says, "The
amount of free advertising Tesla is
getting from this negative news is
priceless. They are blocking safety,
accessibility, and better prices." Yes.
Um
Ether We says 2022 and you think Tesla
did not look into it. Who are so slow in
deploying it? Elon and Tesla team is
better than that. You're looking at it
now, not them.
They can't do much about it. I think
they have plans, but they know they have
a problem and their strategy is smart.
They're just pushing it and rolling it
out and creating public awareness and
global awareness that will create
tremendous pressure and at the same time
they are also preparing for if they get
shut down. I think they're doing the
right thing.
Proxy says, I don't think it's sketchy.
I think they are expediting getting the
inspection done and exemption filed. No
proxy, that's not true. The exemption
doesn't help Tesla. The exemption is
kept at 2 and a half thousand. You
cannot only get an exemption for 2 and a
half thousand vehicles. The rest is
statutory. You would have to change the
law, which they can't.
There is a certain, you know, there is a
certain chance that the new rule is
adopted quickly. That's the only key
level that Tesla has lobbying wise, but
the other guys will push hard against
that. So, let's see.
Nemo modular. Well, that's but these are
not normal Nitsa audits. This is a very
specific audit on a specific rule set
that Tesla clearly violates right now.
I'm just telling you guys they cannot
pass that audit.
uh
here but wait doesn't this depend on the
cars level four or five no it does not
depend on it there is a rule every car
in the United States needs to be
self-certified and the manufacturer
needs to self-certify that it meets all
the requirements of the United States
you know highway service thing or
whatever this is called
and some of these requirements cyber cap
absolutely clearly does not meet it's
That simple.
It's stupid, but it's simple.
Whimo don't have usable brake pedals in
car, do they? Yes, they have.
Absolutely. Whimo circumvents this. Same
with Model Y because they have a normal
car. Whimo. Look at these ugly Whimos.
They have everything in there. Same with
Model Y. That's why this is not a
problem. You just need a normal car.
Uh I hope they know something we don't
about the Nitsa but sometimes they just
send it out with all the facts. Just
look at cyber cap cyber truck
production. Yeah like bullet book it is
very clear that uh this audit is not
survival.
The the way out there are two ways out.
Get the rule approved before which is
reasonably likely. That is the one thing
they need to get the new rule approved
before the audit concludes. And the
other way is let the audit conclude, let
it be shut down, but then have other
cyber caps ready and self-certify them
with pedals. But that's kind of super
annoying.
Uh even if it should hold the cyber cap
rollout for a while, what's different
does it make after all the waiting?
Uh yeah, and as I explained, it won't
hold up the cyber cap rollout because
this audit will take some time and Tesla
can easily switch out the cyber caps.
The problem is if they scale into tens
of thousands of cyber caps, let's say
the order takes a year, they scale into
tens of thousands without the brake
pedals, then they have to exchange them
or equip them with the brake pedals
later.
How many miles did Zuks have to prove
safety compared to Tesla? It's not about
proving safety. There is no issue with
safety. Safety is not a part of the
whole audit.
Uh this is a nothing burger. Jonathan
Morrison is part of the Trump admin.
As I said, there are multiple ways of
resolving this. We just have to
understand them.
Uh you can slam the brake pedal for
sure. You shouldn't, but you could. Yes.
Here,
Greg. Many rules originally meant to
protect horse drawn cars from mechanical
vehicles were applied to automobiles to
make driving cars slower, much more
cumbersome, less convenient. Viva
revolution.
It's true.
Yeah, but I mean Yeah. Yeah. That's
that's why Nitsad in their defense came
up with this new rule that helps Tesla,
but the new rule needs to be activated.
Guys, I'm not saying this is a major
problem for Tesla. I told you the TLDDR
is it is not.
We just have to understand what exactly
the problems are. The first problem is
they will not survive the audit. The
solution is there is a new rule, but
that new rule needs to become active
before the audit concludes. So we need
to watch out that for that and also even
if they would get shut down they can
issue and deploy cyber caps with these
controls. So it will not hold up the
scaling of cyber cap but to understand
that will take a little bit of time for
our institutional friends to work
through next week in my opinion and so
it might be a headwind for the stock. So
we not going to go back to 400 on Monday
maybe.
So that's all I'm saying. I just need to
explain this
here.
Dalid Vargas, greetings dude from Tempe,
Arizona. Thank you for the excellent
Tesla and today also sounds like AFD
wins tax sax on Sunday is the end of
mers. Isn't that interesting? Should I
do a live stream on Sunday covering the
German election? There is a very
important thing going on that could like
domino effect and Europe. Literally
there is a domino in a German state
called Zaxon Anhal on Sunday there is
election and the AFD could become
absolute majority party which is crazy
and then take over the reigns and if
they take over the reigns it's very easy
to clean house and they would turn the
state into a
beautiful little example of what is
possible and break the matrix and then
we have a ripple effect. German
government shuts down, new elections in
Germany.
Complicated what happens next, but this
could be the end of Europe, of the EU.
Isn't that interesting? Most people
don't know that. It's like an amazing
domino effect building up there. And
it's very serious. Very serious.
So, I'm not covering politics too much,
but this is actually very interesting.
By the way, Elon said AFD is the only
way to save Germany. And he's probably
right. If Nitsa was not paying close
attention to CyberCap, they would not be
doing their job. Yeah, they paid close
attention. They have this new rule in
process.
Uh Felix says, "Hi Joe from Atlanta. I
would have sold covered calls before
close, but there was no premium. I
figured this would happen. You could
have sold uh
well, you could have sold in the money
calls that would make you even more
money, but risky. I didn't do it. I sold
some puts. I lost money on them, but I
told you guys I'm cautious. Nothing
crazy. Uh and I got out at 363
because I realized this is kind of bad.
Now I'm back in. By the way, lower
strike price because I'm bullish.
You know, this stock can't fall much
more in my opinion.
Uh,
shred B for dead as I expected. Sell the
news Friday. Well, I don't agree it's
sell the news, but you're effectively
you got it right. And will climb next
weeks after Labor Day? I do think so,
too.
That's exactly what I think.
Is this good, good or bad news? This is
a good question. It is clearly bad news.
Okay, let's not sugarcoat it. This is
purely bad news. It's just a little less
bad than it seems in the beginning.
Okay, that's it. It's not extremely bad.
It's just bad news.
Uh,
okay. What do we have here?
I sold all 10,000 shares yesterday at
High Point. Wow.
Uh there hasn't been a Tesla event that
moved the stock in a positive direction
many years.
It's great that the price is down though
more for us accumulators. Yes, I agree.
I think everything remains very very
bullish, but we got a discount today
because of these news. But just to be
clear, it's not good news.
Called it new stock would be down after
running up yesterday.
What do we have here? Zuks is open. Take
rides daily. Not sure what you're
talking about. Amazon has more robots
than any company in the world. What are
you talking about, Jesse? They have a
cap of two and a half thousand. They
can't scale.
They're screwed.
Uh, in fact,
in here, in fact, for that situation,
the car don't need to have it. They can
bring wireless steering wheels and
pedals. Will that satisfy your concern?
My I don't have any concerns. You have
to talk to Nitsa.
Do handbrekes count? No, it cannot be
handbreas.
Might as well throw an accelerator pedal
while you're at it. Whoa.
Here join both. Tesla does not have to
worry about FMVSS 105 because there is a
general rule that they can deviate
provided they can prove that their
solution is a safe or safer than the
rule uh they are not meeting. I know the
theory
uh
but this is a little bit of a construed
legal theory that will probably not hold
up. You can look deeper into it.
Uh, I guess that USA should just let
China get ahead of them instead of
growing paras.
They can just give justification date
and ask for exception and new law
coming. So, it should be just yes, yes,
yes. Well, that's not how it works.
Uh, however, you're wrong. I'm not
wrong. The rule only says pedals brakes.
So, what to do with pedals without a
steering wheel?
I mean, I'm not saying this makes sense.
My argument is not that it makes sense.
My argument is this is very clear. These
are check boxes. You need to check them.
Boom.
You guys have never dealt with
regulators. I feel,
you know, you can't go to a regulator
and say like, "Oh, you know what? It
makes no sense what you're saying. Like
what? That's not how it works.
Uh, Zuks of course didn't get
certification. They got an exemption,
but the exemption is capped at 2 and a
half thousand.
Very simple.
Where do you see this bottoming? I think
we are bottoming right here. That's why
I'm getting into it right now. Cautious,
but not that c less cautious than
yesterday. So, I lost money on my little
trade yesterday. Core position, I don't
care. But the little trade yesterday
was, of course, a loser. Now, I'm a
little more heavy, a little more heavy
with lower strike prices.
I probably lighten up a little bit
depending how this ends, but I'm much
more heavy than yesterday.
How much? Three and a half times more
heavy than yesterday. I'm now long
because I knew there's risk. I just
thought it's more likely than not it
goes up. But it didn't. But it doesn't
hurt me much. Now it would hurt me more.
If it now goes to 340, that wouldn't be
too good. Then it gets a little painful.
regards from Airwood.
Beautiful. Airwood is one of my favorite
cities. It's beautiful.
If Elon got the Trump administration to
claim nation national security reason to
keep the power station open for
colossus, he will push this through. I
think so too. By the way,
stop one stop button on the screen as a
brake pedal. No, unfortunately, you need
the pedals. You can't have hand brakes.
You can't have anything like that.
Stock will pop back to 360 on Tuesday.
Yeah, I think that's more likely than
not.
Uh, yes. You see what Elon said to uh
the dude? Yes. So Elon is clearly
implying that Salv will be for sale
before end of the year.
Clearly implying it. So that's very
interesting.
How quick will the audit go? Uh well the
audit the last audit that was the exact
same audit on Zuks took two and a half
years. But we have indications that this
could be much faster unfortunately.
I think they may get the new rule
approved internally within the
government. They won't go the way of
zuks in any case.
I think so too. The most likely outcome
here is that there is of course
movements inside the administration and
they're getting the new rule approved in
time quickly which would be I think very
good for the stock. I mean it would be
as good as it was bad. So I think if the
rule gets approved we are up 5 to 7%.
Read this. I understand. I have read it.
This is the rule I'm talking about all
the time.
Proxy says two and a half thousand not
zero with the exemption they can operate
2 and a half thousand until the new rule
comes in which yeah but that's all not
realistic proxy because the audit will
is extremely unlike the audit is
extremely unlikely to be concluded
before the rule. So that's why it's a
nothing burger and you're right about
it. If the rule gets approved, if the
rule gets not approved, we have a giant
problem.
Uh,
everyone talks about Nitsa right now.
Look at uh Gene Monster and everyone
everyone CNBC, they're all talking about
it.
It said is trying to eliminate the brake
pedal required for full trans. Yes, I
know.
Uh,
Nef Trader says, "Love your channel.
Just came in live. How is Tesla
projection bullish back to 400
shortterm?"
Um, we have to see.
I always get these animals here. I'm so
scared of them. These flying things.
Where did they come from? So scary.
Um,
help me. I don't like it.
Having this audit and passing is better
for Tesla. Getting exceptions.
Exemptions. Yes, street crate zero is
back. I bet the pedals could be
implemented as something that would be
contained in a 3-in thick extension on
the front wall. front wall and the left
foot of the cyber gap. Yes, I think
there are tricks to get it done if they
really have to. They know how to do
these things.
Uh, says I do think this is a
forgiveness not permission situation.
Nitsa has their rules. Tesla makes their
argument. It's a audits waste data. Make
a decision whichever way it goes. Cyber
cap is a go. I agree, but it might need
controls in the worst case.
But it would be super embarrass
embarrassing for the United States and
for Nita if this happens. So
I think uh Tesla downplayed the event. I
think Tesla scheduled the event on
September 3rd and not earlier because of
it. Yes, I do believe that because it
was very important for Tesla to not
steer up the competition while the
comment period was live because they
would have swamped the comments and said
this under no circumstances can survive
this rule whereas if they don't announce
cyber cap they are more calm right
uh blank space the beginning of Europe
but the end of the EU yes yeah that's
the same thing end of EU is the
beginning of Europe
a German citizens deserve a bill of
rights. This is true.
Uh
uh here we have political commentary.
Why do you right-wing folks? I'm not
right-wing feel the way you do. The AFD
is a farright party. It is not a
far-right party. It's a moderate center
party. The difference is it's not
completely corrupted like the other
guys. There's nothing far right about
the AFD. Whatever far right means,
they're just normal people who actually
talk to citizens. Why do you think they
have the absolute majority? Do you think
a far extremist party can get the
absolute the absolute majority? I don't
think so.
Did Musk make a mistake building that
factory in Germany? I don't know. I'm
not a factory expert. probably not. You
don't doesn't make that many mistakes.
There are huge benefits to Germany still
and Germany will correct itself.
It's a rule issued on a proposed rule on
June 26. Exactly. That's what I
reported. That is the rule. I mean they
need to successfully pass that new rule.
My Tesla calls from I don't care if
called back holding trench printed crazy
money this morning. I got 160% of my
daily goal in the first 3 minutes after
market open.
Good.
Uh AFD far right exact. Of course
they're not far. It's complete lies.
It's like ridiculous. Like oh it's far
right. Like
just because you call my Tesla a BMW
doesn't make it a BMW. It just makes you
a liar. That's the problem.
Okay. The problem with these types of
people
is
I don't think so. Amazon and pay to have
1 billion robots by 2030. Yeah. But not
human robots.
Um,
elections are like letters to center for
the 70 IQ crow to feel involved. I mean,
interesting take. Uh, you're partially
right, but sometimes they actually can
matter when they have surprises.
I mean, the point is Tesla saw this
coming. Sorry, I'm late to the stream
and confused as how Tesla did not see
this coming. I think they absolutely saw
it coming and they are very well
prepared. That doesn't make it not a
problem.
Tesla most likely has in their software
the ability to put emergency brake
button on the screen. That's not enough.
It says you need pedals. It's very dumb.
Hello from Brownike.
Hello to Brontrike.
When can we buy a cyber cap in England?
I don't know. Not too soon, but in
America before end of the year. If he
can trust Elon's commentary
uh Nissa Nitsa released a broader
national strategy for automated vehicles
September 4th. It looks ahead to 2030
rather than sitting near-term dates.
Yeah, but this needs to get through.
This is just a game of chicken. No, a
game of cat and mouse. They try to stop
Tesla the competition and try to push
use existing regulations. You first have
to overcome this stuff.
I have a whole theory of course about
Tesla uh fleet ownership and why they're
doing that. I will have a separate video
on that. I don't want to do only Tesla
videos, but it's so important right now.
We need to really get our ahead of
CyberCap and what's happening here.
Wow, we have so many comments. I can't
even go through all the comments
here. Nitsa has no fixed stat deadline
for completing the audit query. It seems
obvious that the AQ will not be
completed until after the proposed rune
ac.
You're right, Greg. It's just very
important that they are finalized in our
favor.
And all I'm saying is like I told you
guys, I don't think that will change
anything on the ground, but it changes
perception. And to say, oh, they're
going to pass the audit is definitely
wrong. They're not going to pass the
audit. But if the rule comes through
before, no problem.
I'm just explaining to you guys what's
happening.
Even though the bottom line is pretty
much no effect on cyber cap but it will
have an effect on the stock and we need
to understand what people will go
through when they look into that.
Here the crazy left calls everyone not
crazy left far right. That's true. I
wouldn't call them crazy left. There's
something more sinister going on than
just being crazy.
um
hotel snob if there's a sudden shift in
the social temperature about letting in
immigrants. I mean that is already going
on. The tipping point has already been
hit to dilute them sufficiently.
Yeah, I think we have great great
changes coming.
uh street credit zero why my republic
history when the next regime came in
they used the suspended in in emergency
clauses on the rights and didn't have to
change laws to be totalitarian current
laws aren't so different it's true I
mean this is all this is very serious
business in Germany if you look into the
details like bro serious business what's
going on there trying to block the whole
party they're trying to block 50% of the
population from participating in their
so-called democracy They're trying to
actually do all kinds of illegal stuff
to prevent the AFD once they take over
power on Sunday potentially to get
access to their own government. Like
it's it's like these people have lost
their marbles. It's extremely
crazy what's going on there.
So much obvious corruption. Well, it's
it's the cat and mouse game.
Thanks for this update, Joe. My
pleasure. That was very important. We
need to understand what's going on. By
the way, Tesla going up right now. Do I
share the stock? No.
We are nearly market close. Yeah, I tell
you guys this was overdone the drop. I
have pretty strong exposure now. three
and a half times more non-core position
exposure than I had yesterday. Yesterday
I got I got I got about you know one.5%
down more negative alpha from this. Uh
but now I quadrupled or whatever three
and a half folded
like I doubled tripled down
on my short put position. 357.5
360 and 360 uh 52.5
are my strikes September 11th
expiration. So just so you know and I
have a good chunk now. So now I'm more
at risk. Now I'm actually taking a real
strong position here outside my core
position. Core position is untouched.
Not always. I saw before earnings, but
that was a total exception.
So uh let's see. I think we go back up.
Uh
I can't just believe that Tesla has been
close to 10x as volatile as SpaceX right
now. I mean that's crazy. SpaceX
announces 100 billion capex and it's up.
Tesla hits little speed bump to scaling
this. Well, SpaceX has like tremendous
cash coming in this year.
I tell you there's massive things going
on.
Uh Tesla's acting like consumer needs
Tesla and Tesla don't need consumers.
They need to listen to what consumers
need want. Oh, I think they're doing a
good job.
This dialogue helped me to decide to
follow Joe back into Tesla. Thanks, Joe.
Well, always be cautious. But yeah, I'm
This is a total buy for me right now,
especially now. Now we have it out of
the system. I told everyone yesterday,
let's see how this goes. I took a little
bit risk, got punished for it, but not
much. And I told everyone, we will know
much more today. And this fake Nitsa
drop, it is fake. Bottom line, if I
wasn't clear today, it's fake.
not fake in the way that it's not
dangerous blah blah but when you go
through the entire process understand
all the components of the Nitsa thing
yeah the bottom line is it's fake and so
we got a discount here in the middle of
cyber cap scaling I think it's a buy
tremendous cash tremendous capex it's
all get launched into space that's good
but Wall Street won't be impressed
Let's see. Yeah, I mean SpaceX, I am
very long SpaceX, right? Not anymore, by
the way. I'm not anymore because I was
short puts massively. There was a big
position for me, but now SpaceX is so
high that it's effectively I'm done.
Also, they all expired today worthless.
I hope. What is SpaceX doing?
Yeah, I have
143, 42, and 140 like a lot of them. But
why is it dropping so hard? Oh, ouch.
Uh,
and I think SpaceX will run into a
selling wall September 9th. Just in case
you want to know about SpaceX. I should
cover SpaceX over the weekend. Uh, so
I'm I'm done playing SpaceX. I made nice
chunks of money here because I predicted
this thing can only go up and not much
down before September 9th. But September
9th, new unlock and this time it's going
to hit the stock. Bing. I'm not going to
short it. Maybe maybe I sell some calls.
Let's see. But not much risk here
because they also have this announcement
coming in at some point. Then it goes up
like crazy. So, I don't know.
Okay guys, let's wrap it up. That was a
pleasure as always. I hope that was
helpful to have my perspective at least
on this news. The news is very relevant.
The news is negative, but bottom line,
it's a nothing burger after all.
Maybe we end with Gan Monster. That's a
nice ending point. Gene is very smart.
Nitsson makes a wakeup call. The agency
rained on the Tesla cyber cap launcher.
For all of you guys thinking this is not
the reason for the drop. This is
freaking Gene Monster who's on CNBC all
day long, who is a fund manager, who's a
very smart cookie, by the way. Very
smart. And he says, "Nitsa needs a wake
up call. The agency reigned on the Tesla
Cybercap launch by opening a probe into
Tesla SE certification specifically
whether a vehicle with no steering wheel
or pedals meets federal safety
standards. Question for Nitsa. Why slow
the roll out of autonomous vehicles when
the best data we have says they are 7 to
10x safer than human drivers? I suspect
the answer is the March of Nines. With
all due respect, Nit Nitsa needs to
update the rules written for human
drivers and move faster. About
30,000 37,000 people died on US roads
last year. If robo tax is delivered,
even a 10 7x cut in fatalities, that
number would be closer to 5k. So you see
that people like Gene Mansa who's very
well connected all over the place puts
pressure on them and so is all of Elon's
friends
and all the other people. The only
people on the other side is Uber and
Google try to make their case of course
and silent. So there you have it.
But I think Tesla is very well prepared
and the stock will be back up.
So there you have it.
Very good. Thank you guys. Enjoy your
day and see you very soon. Tomorrow is
the next day in Pioneerlands. Go to
pioneerlands.org by the way. Very cool
things happening over the weekend. See
you then. And