Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       Why Uber's Robotaxi Pivot Won't Save It
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOi0N6RluZU
Published:   2026-04-28 11:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-28 12:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This method that Uber created, this way
of of having this ride share in this
massive network, um you know, they did a
great job at that. The problem that they
have now is the world will be shifting
away from them. And we're going to going
to go away from this sort of fragmented
supply to a very much so a uh supply of
autonomous vehicles that's owned by just
a few companies. And that changes the
economics of this industry in so many
different ways. Let's get started with
this image that you provided. It looks
like an
as an orchestra conductor. What's this
about?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is the best way I think that
I can distinctly describe what's going
on here is that Uber eventually will be
like this conductor
who won't be needed. The orchestra will
conduct itself. Mhm. And I think that's
what's going to happen to Uber.
&gt;&gt; Uh so you put together actually two
articles, uh pretty long articles
explaining Uber's Achilles' heel. So
part one wasn't enough. You [laughter]
came back for more. And uh by looking at
your main thesis here,
you I'd say I'd I'm assuming this is
what you mean. Uber wins in a world of
fragmented human supply, which they
have. Uber loses in a world of
consolidated autonomous supply.
Um this is their
uh slide that they like to share because
they look like they want to be the
largest facilitator. Is that their own
words? Yeah, we intend to be the largest
facilitator of AV trips, autonomous
vehicle trips, in the world by 2029.
They've got cities that they're
partnering with, uh upcoming cities,
they've got 20 partners. Hardware
platforms, self-driving technology,
fleet management. It looks like they'll
partner with anybody that has a pulse.
&gt;&gt; Yes, except there's one key partner
that's not on here that doesn't want to
be their partner, and that's Tesla.
And so it's [snorts] forced them now to
try to partner with everybody and
anybody else in an attempt to remain
um you know, remain useful. Uh Uber
serves in a very important role right
now. They are aggregating uh
you know, demand, and they're
aggregating supply from you know, all
these Uber drivers that have their own
vehicle. Uber sits in the middle of all
that, orchestrating again this this
orchestra.
And so in a world where humans drive
vehicles, that is a very important role,
and it was very necessary. There is no
single Uber driver that could develop
their own app and have that work. This
method that Uber created, this way of of
having this ride share in this massive
network, um
you know, they did a great job at that.
The problem that they have now is the
world will be shifting away from them.
And we're going to going to go away from
this sort of fragmented supply to a very
much so a uh supply of autonomous
vehicles that's owned by just a few
companies. And that changes the
economics of this industry in so many
different ways. And unfortunately
leaves, I think, Uber out uh again. They
will be they want to be the conductor of
the orchestra, but the orchestra will
self-conduct.
&gt;&gt; Okay, that's your main thesis, but you
actually have, I don't know, I can't
count anymore, 10 plus different
miscalculations on their strategy. We'll
take a look at that closely
because when they explain their strategy
to anybody, he's always interviewed. Now
play that now. He sounds very confident.
They sound pretty logical. Uh so I'd
like to break it down with you to truly
understand where do they What are they
missing here? Because there are a group
of investors out there who say
autonomous technology, just like any
technology, is going to be commoditized.
And if it's commoditized, hey,
then there's going to be many players.
And if there's many players, you need an
orchestra agent like this. He came, I
think, from Expedia, and he often brings
up that uh example. Expedia, you know,
everybody thought that uh people go
direct to the airlines and hotels, and
that's not the case. You need an
Expedia, he said. So let's play what he
was just He's always asked about Tesla
every time he's on stage. Uh and by
2029, uh we think that we will
facilitate more autonomous and robot
taxi rides than anyone else in the
world. Mention, do you ever think Elon
would come on on platform, or is he just
I'm doing it all on my own? He doesn't
play well with others, usually. You
know, his I I think Elon's approach
typically has been a vertical approach,
right? They even own their own refinery.
Um again, when when the day comes when
the day comes when those Teslas are safe
with a camera-only approach, we'd love
to have those Teslas on our platform as
well. We've got
uh tens of thousands of Teslas on our
platform now, and some of our drivers
use FSD. Sure. Uh so we've got a lot of
data. It's a great car. It's a safe car.
Uh we'd love to work with them. As to
whether we will or will not is TBD, but
there are plenty of other partners in
the space.
Uh and we think there are going to be
many, many winners.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, so when he said that there
is already tens of thousands of Teslas
on the network, that's because the Uber
drivers themselves have bought the
Teslas, but also uh Uber actually
finances some of these Teslas
themselves. So it's not like I always
say, "Why don't they just buy these
Teslas?" And then they're good, you
know.
What's your thought when he said Well,
if Uber is able to buy Teslas, then they
become a fleet operator, and that's
different than what they're doing now.
That's a completely different business.
And that may that may be what happens.
That may be how Uber survives is to sort
of ditch what they're doing now and
become a massive fleet operator.
There'll be other companies looking to
do that as well. Um and that is is to me
the the off-ramp that they have. But if
they're going to continue down this path
that they're on now, I think they're
going to quickly find that they're going
to be increasingly shut out. If they are
successful with any of their partners,
let's say for for example, Waymo. Waymo
looks at the economics of this, and
ideally Waymo does does not want to have
to share any of the revenue with Uber.
And so over time, Waymo itself would be
looking to separate itself from Uber as
well. So he's talking a good game. He's
saying the right things. But I think
when you actually look at it and and
understand what's going to happen here,
it becomes pretty apparent to me that
Uber will not have a seat at this table.
This is a completely different business
model than what they're in now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you'll walk us through your mis-
the miscalculations that they've made.
But uh just quickly, when you just said
this, I would say that if the if it ends
up becoming uh 20 plus different
players, and they're all fairly about
equal size, he will win. He's got a
place, maybe. But if they it turns out
to be like a five major players, and
each of the four of the five are all
pretty big, significant-sized
market share, they'll just do it on
their own. I don't understand his need.
Okay, but we'll we'll go through that.
Um let's start off with uh you wanted to
share this. What What is What was this?
&gt;&gt; Well, this is from Uber's uh February
4th uh
sort of document on their autonomous
vehicle plans. And it says here, "One
year ago we laid out our perspective on
the future of autonomous vehicles around
the world. Uh we said while the
technology was
advancing quickly, we expected
commercialization to take much longer."
So it's actually in their interest if if
things get stretched out for a period of
time. Mhm. Uh this is because of what we
call the go-to-market puzzle. To deploy
widely, AVs will need a consistently
superhuman safety record uh and enabling
regulation. So certainly yes, that's an
issue. A cost-effective scaled hardware
platform. Well, that's an issue with
everybody except for Tesla. Uh excellent
on-the-ground operations. Well, that can
be put in place. And a high-utilization
network that can manage variable demand
with flexible supply. So they are
talking up the things again that they're
used to, that they're supplying now for
this ride share market.
Um and so this document sort of goes
through and and highlights some of the
things that they're talking about and
sort of makes the case for why Uber
should be a should be a partner here. Um
again, as I read this, I'm highly
skeptical. I think that things are going
to play out quite differently than what
they're talking about here.
Yes, it may take some time, but once the
uh the safety issues are ironed out,
then there's nothing stopping the
autonomous vehicle industry from scaling
like we've never seen anything scale
before. It's one of those things that
slowly slowly at first, and then all of
a sudden. So Uber's saying, you know,
this could take a decade or more.
Perhaps. Perhaps it takes that long for
the safety issues and everything to be
ironed out. I doubt it, but perhaps.
But at some point,
uh you just don't need this middleman
that Uber's positioning itself to be.
Here's Uber's business model. So let's
kind of anchor ourselves on this. This
is where they're at today. They did uh
in the fourth quarter of 14.4 billion
dollars in revenue.
Um
8.2 billion of that was what we think of
as Uber the service, the mobility
service.
And that has uh margins of about 27%.
And then Uber Eats is also a pretty
significant chunk, about 5 billion in
revenue in the quarter, and that's got
margins of about 21% gross margin, 21%.
And they're getting into the freight
business,
um which is also a kind of a highly
fragmented market.
Um
And right now they're not making any
money there.
Okay.
Now, their revenue uh is a fraction of
the total amount of money going through
the platform. So you can see the third
little black box, gross bookings. They
did uh 54 billion in gross bookings.
So the revenue they report is kind of
their their share of that. Mhm. Well,
[clears throat] what's the difference?
So the difference is the money that they
pay the drivers.
So 40 billion dollars of the 54 goes to
the drivers, okay? The gross bookings
number is the number that you and I pay
as the customer. We're paying the 54
billion
in revenue that's coming out of the
customer's pocket, and 40 billion of
that is going to the drivers.
So imagine how the business model looks
then when you have an autonomous fleet,
and you don't have the drivers' costs.
And then where does Uber get the
vehicles from then? They don't have
their own fleets. They don't make the
cars. So you can see that suddenly this
again, this is middleman sitting here
saying, "Okay, we were directing all
this traffic, but you know what? The
traffic self-directing
itself. We're not needed anymore. If you
go through the rest of Uber's business
model, the net effect is a profit margin
there of 300 million
profit of 300 million dollars on revenue
of 14.
Um now there was other expense, so maybe
you know, maybe operating profit
normally of a couple billion per
quarter.
Um maybe it's something you should
expect. So a net margin of you know, 10
to 12%.
So this is not unlike the automobile
business, pretty low margin business.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. I'm shocked. Very shocked cuz they
like I just said, they don't own
anything.
They're supposed to be just an app and
yet why is their profit not as high, you
know, 80% 70% of their revenue?
Yeah. Mhm.
Mhm.
Operating expenses. This is an
expensive, you know, to be the conductor
of this orchestra is expensive. It's not
they're not sitting high on their perch
earning crazy amount of money.
What is cost of revenue? Um well, it's
it's the cost of for them to generate
all the revenue that that they get to
get to keep. Uh I'm not entirely sure of
what goes into this. I'm not you know,
I'm not a Uber analyst. I don't I don't
follow this company that closely, so I
don't know specifically what's in that
bucket for them that's so big.
Um but it's you know, the the systems
and the people in place to that they
need to generate that that revenue.
And then on top of that, they've got all
the corporate overhead
uh in the operating expense line.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; Um as well as some other things, but um
So yeah, this this this business model
that stands today is is not that
outstanding.
And there's some serious cost to it. If
if they if they reported gross bookings
as their top line revenue, then their
margins would be tiny.
And didn't they just hit profitability
after 20 plus years or whatever it is?
It took a while. This is definitely a
scale business.
Um and of course it's one of those
things too, as you enter a new market,
you're not at scale, so you've got high
costs and high expenses. It's
it's it's one of those challenges that
that
you know, they have to keep reinvesting
and keep growing keep expanding, but the
more you expand, the more you lose for a
for a period of time.