Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Everyone Said Tesla Was Slowing, But Look!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CiAgL6TmE8Y
Published:   2026-04-07 17:58 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-07 18:56 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla's stock is in freef fall and we
need to discuss why. Kathy Wood of
ArchInvest just bought 40,000 Tesla
shares worth $14.3 million. So while
most are selling, others see it as a
buying opportunity. Yesterday, Elon Musk
made a number of posts focusing on Tesla
self-driving. He said, quote, "The
statistics are unequivocal. Tesla
self-driving saves a lot of lives." And
he agreed that Tesla will continue to
improve to the point where it will save
99% of the lives that could have been
lost in an accident. Meanwhile, a fleet
of 60 Model Y's with rear camera washers
were spotted in a lot in Phoenix and
another 30 in a lot in West Los Angeles.
The latest data shows Tesla Robo Taxi
appears to be laying the groundwork in
at least 25 cities. Now, we'll show you
that table. Got Joe Bey joining us
today. He's an economist, investor, and
tech entrepreneur. He has a YouTube
channel covering both Tesla and AGI.
Check out his website and community at
pionerlands.org.
Welcome, Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back.
Let's talk stock. We got to talk stock.
The stock has been falling. It seems to
be a freef fall at this point. Uh 370
then it went to 350. Now we're talking
330. Of course, the world is in crisis.
We are in major risk as well. What's
your valuation of what's happening?
&gt;&gt; It's very simple what's happening. Uh I
warn everyone mid of December that Tesla
will face some air gaps and will not
have a lot of support. Um and we will
see a slowly deflating stock. That's
what I said in Q1. Uh because we waiting
for Robbo taxi to scale. Okay, that is
number one. That is the first layer that
we were already in a position of
weakness. That was very predictable. Uh
now of course we have the Iran war.
That's why I posted on X. I'm not
doubling down right now. And that has
nothing to do with Tesla. I think in
fact Tesla would be beautiful to double
down right now if it wasn't for the
macro and geo strategic risk. So I took
actually some everything I can off the
table, not my core positions, but I took
I put a razor on my portfolio. Nvidia,
Micro Strategy, uh Robin Hood, and of
course Tesla is the number one. I took
as much of as I can without touching the
core. Uh so I'm now invested under 100%
which is not normal for me because I'm
normally way over 100%. And the reason
is I think the market actually has
mispriced the risk and I said this
already last week multiple times. The
market is mispricing the tail risk of
this Iran situation. I think the damage
being done that has already been done to
the world is already bigger than the
crash we saw in the NASDAQ and S&amp;P. And
if any escalation happens, I mean, we
looking at something bad. We're looking
at another 10 to 20% crash of the
NASDAQ. And that would just drag down
Tesla another 40% from here. So nothing
to do with Tesla, everything to do with
the geostrategic situation. And there
it's very important to put in our m
macro hat head hat and actually put
scenarios in and say what are the what's
this we see a taco Trump taking off uh
you know stopping the whole situation
what are the risks he's escalating and
if he escalates then what's the risk of
an uncontrolled escalation and I think
you know definitely much higher than
what is pricing in the market that's why
I don't want to have exposure too much
right now once this can happen this can
change of course at any moment in both
directions. There is a reasonable chance
I think a very high chance higher than
50% chance that this is over this week
but then there is a close to 50% chance
it's just completely escalating. So we
can't in this environment make any smart
Tesla decisions. We have to be cautious.
We just have to be ready. That's my last
comment on this.
Once Iran is over, which could happen
any time now, we are on a cold spring
for the Max 7, for every AI stock,
including Tesla, I think we can go back
to 420 in absolutely no time with zero
robo taxi news if you know Iran has
taken off the table.
&gt;&gt; Oh, very interesting. I was going to ask
you though that uh if if something
happens like an actual activity happens
this could not it wouldn't necessarily
resolve in a week because this is going
to impact the economy macro for a long
time. If you damage oil
this stock uh the oil barrels price will
go up and it'll be there for a long
time.
&gt;&gt; An escalation I think what people I
don't know why people didn't get that.
That was very obvious to everyone who
knows anything about Iran. Iran is not
not Venezuela. It's the oldest, you
know, continuous civilization on earth,
the Persian Empire. These people are not
weaklings and they're not just going to
give up because Trump wants that.
They're going to fight to the end. Plus,
they have an Islamic regime on top of
it, which is very different from some
random dictator in the uh in in Central
America. So, they have strong
conviction. They have an ancient
civilization. They have certain pride
that was now hurt. They have significant
capabilities as we have seen and the
idea that the US can destroy the
ballistic missile capability in one
strike is just very stupid. Like have
you never seen a country this is a big
country. So of course they're holding
back. They still have missiles that
could destroy all kinds of oil producing
facilities in the UAE in Saudi Arabia
all over the place in Israel. They
destroyed most of the very high-end
raiders of the United States. So this is
nearly defenseless a lot of this stuff.
So if Iran wants to escalate really
badly, they can. And if the US wants to
escalate, they of course can. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And so it's a bad situation. And if this
happens, to your point, we could see
massive supply destruction that is
lasting. That's what people don't get.
It's it's that takes five years to
rebuild if this happens.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. I just wanted to repeat some
of the things you did say which is a
little bit shocking. So you you don't
think that the stock price fall has much
to do with Tesla per se? We just had the
delivery numbers it was weak. You're not
applying anything to that. uh the delay
in the for 14.3 being rolled out, the
delay in robo taxi roll out, you're not
thinking that that's you all besides the
gradual reduction that you knew that was
going to happen uh from Q from January
to now which did h exactly happen but
now there's a drop and that's p
primarily because of macro not because
of the Q1 results.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. I think if we were in
a bullish situation, everything is
rallying, we had these results coming
out, there would be no impact on the
stock. The stock would just go after the
market. So obviously in a situation like
this, every investor wants to take chips
off the table is going to look, oh,
should I take off, you know, half Nvidia
or only 30% Nvidia and 70% Tesla? Like,
and then they skew towards more Tesla
because Tesla has a very high PE. And in
these situations, the high PE hurts you
plus these tactical news. Uh but they're
not really driving it. It's more like
the panic is breaking out. People
realize they have mispriced it. And
that's why I'm saying don't stare too
much at these Tesla news. You have to
look at the big picture. And what scares
me is that the market just has mispriced
the risk. And that means they could at
any
&gt;&gt; more risk. Yeah. You think a lot more
risk?
&gt;&gt; It could drop. It would be absolutely
justified if this escalates even a bit
and this deadline passes and they start
bombing in my opinion it would be
justified to drop the NASDAQ 10% like
this week.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. And then you're still way to
go. So, and that scares me like the if
you would be a rational investor and say
you know what I want to drop this whole
thing 10%. I had nothing to push against
like yeah it could be really bad or it
will be really bad
&gt;&gt; and I don't have to tell you what
happens if the NASDAQ crashes another
10% then Tesla at a minimum crashes
another 20%.
&gt;&gt; 20% yeah
&gt;&gt; without any news. So this is important
to understand and and if it's over the
reverse is also true. Tesla can just
rally to 420 with no news, right? We we
just have to understand this is the
situation. That's why even if you hate
politics, you you have to think about it
to understand what's happening.
&gt;&gt; All right, we've got uh Kathy Wood uh
did invest yesterday.
They bought Arc Invest bought 40,000
Tesla shares worth $14.3 million.
ARCs. Uh Tesla is ARC's number one
position in three of their main funds.
Um she still has her 2600 price target
for 2029. This is ARK. Then you've got
ARKQ and then ARKX
&gt;&gt; which is the space one. when it comes to
these news uh the problem is uh what
people totally get wrong with this
situation is that they have internal
guidelines and measures of what the
exposure to Tesla is should be. So if
Tesla goes up a lot, they have to sell.
&gt;&gt; And if Tesla goes down a lot, they kind
of want to buy because they want maximum
exposure.
&gt;&gt; They want to keep it up to Yeah. 10% is
their market uh target. And so if it
falls, they won't buy. So she buys the
dips, but like you say, she also sells
when it gets over the 10% mark that she
has. And um
this is Yeah. You know, a falling stock
like six or seven, whatever.
&gt;&gt; She's great. Yeah. uh falling stock can
be an opportunity and use the weakness
to add more positions and then of course
they also have the arc space and defense
innovation of which Tesla they added
Tesla a small amount but they they
started to add Tesla there too. So not
only of course on the other ETFs that
they have but also in the space one
that's a new one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And then um so that that is what's
happened with stock. Stock is falling
and most you you're attribute most of it
to macro. We'll see what happens this
week, but uh yeah, no nothing's holding
it up at this point. Seems to be in
free.
&gt;&gt; I'm going to come up with a video on my
specific Tesla stock strategy. It's
important to uh you know think these
things through in scenarios what
happens. But uh my take is basically
once Iran is over which I still believe
is more likely than not. The problem is
if not the downside is we're very
significant. But let's assume it's over.
The question is what happens to Tesla? I
think Tesla will rally back to over 400
very quickly with the market. But then
comes the next part of the drama, right?
Then comes the big robo taxi waiting
game because if the market loses faith
and robo taxi scaling in Q2
significantly scaling then we are in for
more trouble but of course if it starts
scaling then we are in for a right to
the moon. So that's kind of the
&gt;&gt; the interesting thing for you two.
&gt;&gt; This this is the dichconomy that we're
facing. You're watching the stock fall.
People are getting very upset with
Tesla. They're losing faith in Tesla.
Meanwhile, on the back end, you we're
going to share more information. Huge
lots, 60 Teslas found in a lot in
Phoenix, 30 in West Los Angeles. Uh
we're going to start off with three
comments Elon made about Tesla
self-driving. And you can see the
confidence he has that this is basically
not only solved, but truly saving lives
at this point. It started off with this
post by Elliot. Tesla FSE just saved two
lives on the highway. A man walked
straight into traffic in heavy rain at
65 miles per hour. The Model 3 spotted
him, swerved safely. Could have been
fatal for both the pedestrian and my
cousin driving. Um Elon responded to it.
Let's watch the video first.
Just driving along. Oh, there's a person
walking. Oh my god.
Yeah. I Okay, just random things happen.
Um,
okay. It's just funny. Not funny, but I
mean it's like, yeah, I don't know if he
was intending to do that on purpose, but
Tesla self-driving saves a lot of lives.
Elon replied to that. That statistics
are unequivocal. Both Whimo and Tesla,
by the way, that doesn't mean it's
perfect. Of course, even when we improve
safety 10x, saving 90% of the million
lives lost in auto accidents every year,
Tesla will still get sued for the 10%
who did die. the 90% who are still alive
mostly won't even know that Tesla saved
them. Nonetheless, it's the right thing
to do.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's uh that is the challenge of
this whole situation. But that is why
the Whimo statistics were actually very
encouraging for me when you look at all
the crashes Whimo has and that is very
important for Tesla because obviously
the the media is biased against Tesla
but they can't just ignore Whimo. So as
long and that's what we discussed before
in a show. As long as Tesla is not much
worse than Whimo, it's very hard to
attack Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Tesla is way better. It's going to it is
already FSE supervised. What they need
to prove is FSD unsupervised is better
than Whimo, which it likely will be. But
uh we'll find out what happens there.
But um this is an interesting point that
you know he's basically saying here that
he's accepting that Tesla will have to
be sued and for 10% of lives who who did
die they'll be sued because you're
you're saying self-driving and then you
know forget the fact that humans drive
but he's willing to take that on and
it's just a calculation I guess in terms
of insurance and in terms of savings and
in terms of revenue that you're going to
get out of this that it should cover
But it's very interesting. He is aware
that this is going to happen. But
statistics are
&gt;&gt; there lots of lawyers actually thinking
about that and there might be all kinds
of you know comparable topics right from
other machines that did something where
people died and
&gt;&gt; uh you know president cases and all
kinds of stuff. So I'm I'm sure Tesla is
thinking this through because this is
like a very important point because they
will get sued for sure.
&gt;&gt; Okay. But, you know, statistics are
unequivocal at this point. Self-driving
is is better in every way. It's
happening. Um, then he posted this. He
said, "Did you know Tesla FSE was this
good?" And he I guess this person
answered Grock. And here's Grock's
answer. Based on Tesla's latest vehicle
safety report, which is April, which is
like last month, FC Supervised is seven
times safer than the US average human
driver. one crash every 5.5 to 7 million
miles versus just six uh for human
drivers, it's one crash every 660,000
miles and over 9 billion miles of data
to prove that. So on a 1 to 10 scale
uh 10 being zero risk, perfect autonomy,
I'd rate it an 8.5 right now. That's
good. Like we're right there. We're very
close. transformative edge over manual
driving but still supervised human ready
to intervene with ongoing nitsa scrutiny
on edge cases data keeps improving
quarterly
it's of course I don't want to be
nitpicky but we have to also understand
that this is a little biased because uh
if you have a supervised FSD the driver
takes over every time they think they
need to take over or they go into
situations where they don't want FSD so
it might be biased towards the easier
parts Mhm.
&gt;&gt; But
yeah, it's definitely getting there like
Yeah, it's a And I think Roboaxi also
does something different. It's not just
normal FSD. That's for sure. It has like
additional components built in like for
picking up and dropping off and probably
better triaging of risk situations.
Uh so it's very hard to know what the
unsupervised performance actually is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But I I don't think it's the same
system. I think they need additional
components to that system before
&gt;&gt; well yeah even Whimo the unsupervised
system it's not like there are a bunch
of people sitting at their desks with a
steering wheel and TV monitor and
they're watching your car and they're
like in case something happen like
they're supervising it that's not what's
happening they actually don't do that
what they basically these cars are
driving on their own but if a situation
occurs then that's when they ask a human
to take a look at it so it's not like
that person goes, "Oh, there's an
accident about to happen. I'm going to
remove it." It's more like it got stuck
in a corner. I need to do something
about it. Keep going.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that means the really
dangerous situations, there is just no
margin for error, right? It's just
driving and it just can't happen because
a human can't do anything.
&gt;&gt; Micros secondsonds. Yeah. It's it really
is autonomy that's saving their lives.
And at this point, we've now hit the
point where you have your cameras
outside the car. It's watching a 360
around your car and it can move, it can
react very quickly in seconds, micros
secondsonds. So if some car and we've
seen many videos of this, swerves in the
car does evasive maneuvers that is
faster than human reaction.
That's where I always turn it on because
of that reason just in case something
like that happens, right? Or the car in
front of you stops suddenly and you have
to stop, right? If you're not paying
attention, you're gonna hit them. That's
what happens. Rear enders happen all the
time. I mean it's just so uh it would be
so good for us for the community for the
investment community to figure out what
is going on with robo taxi like I'm
always trying to what can we do because
just observing it on X and getting posts
and videos is like it's not perfect like
we should figure that out Herbert every
&gt;&gt; how can we get an edge over X like how
can we know how far are we along because
I I really can't tell like Is this like
imminent? Are they slowly like what is
it exactly? So
&gt;&gt; yeah, it's for me it's very simple. It's
14.3. They are rolling that out and that
is now if that goes out to us to our to
us and then we test it ourselves. We see
the the magnitude jump in improvement.
If we can see that that's what they've
been waiting for. Why roll out robo taxi
beyond 50 cars to a thousand cars if you
don't have if this new version is about
to come? Just wait till the version
comes. Reduce the chances even more by
magnitudes then go wide. And that's what
it seems like that they're doing and
we'll we're going to cover that now. One
last post by Elon. Um this Adam said
this Tesla will continue to improve. It
will eventually hit the point where it
will save 99% of the lives that could
have been lost in an accident. We're
going to live in a better future with
future fewer fatalities. Insurance
premiums will also come down
significantly. So basically, this is the
worst is going to be. It's going to keep
getting better and better and better.
Elon said yes. Okay. All right. So those
are three comments Elon made about the
safety of the technology. Just it's nice
to see his confidence. But here's this
is the stuff that we keep seeing now.
And I've lost count of which cities
because it it's it's like eight to 10
cities now where these lots or these
cars are being spotted. These are Model
Y's with rear camera washers. And the
rear camera washer is unique because you
know that only cars that are being used
in robo taxi have these Model Y with a
rear camera washers. It's not something
you can just buy a Tesla Model Y today
and then get it and it'll have a rear
camera washer. So, you know that these
cars are being staged not because
they're being sold to consumers, but
they're more likely going to be set up
for robo taxi. So, there's 60 of them.
60 in Phoenix. Like, we're seeing these
these lots are being found by the
community. 60 of them.
&gt;&gt; Where are we? These are robo taxis. We
don't. We don't. I'm just That's what I
I spent the time to explain that if it's
got the rear camera washers plus they
have the Texas license plates means they
were made in Texas.
They were registered in Texas and then
they were sent over here to be prepped
to do what? And why are they sitting in
a parking lot like this? The most likely
reason is robo taxi or maybe rental. It
could be rental, right? Um but it's very
likely robo taxi. So that is in uh
Phoenix. Now this is a new lot in West
LA. 30 of them. Uh seems to be there was
about 30 of them here. Again, same
thing, same scenario.
And they're all red and rott by the way.
That's another signal a little bit like
why are they all the same color?
It will be even better when we have
cyber caps. That will be interesting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's going to happen.
&gt;&gt; Give us more drone footage, what's
happening there with the cyber cap
production.
&gt;&gt; So, Jonathan Stokes does a good job of
keeping track of everything. So, we love
his table. Uh he has his table that
tells you where each of the cities are,
what's happened, where we're at with
each city. And his comment is Robbo taxi
appears to be laying the groundwork in
at least 25 cities now. 25 cities. Let's
take a look at his table a little bit
closer. Let me go in there. So, the way
it works is that this is as of April 6.
He used AI to generate this. I I prefer
his table that he used to do just by
hand. But, um this is his data. So, he
just used AI to to show you it to
visually. But on the left, you've got
the states and you got the cities. And
then on the right you have different
scenarios
whether or not you got the permit
received the vehicle operator
um ads ads for vehicle operators or
fleet support ads they're hiring if if
Tesla's hiring if they got final
regulatory approval
if they if you were spotted with that
validation vehicle with the LAR setup to
just be sure with cybercab robo taxi app
access and then public test program and
geofence areas and so forth. So you can
see that in that you can the robot taxi
app access is still just uh California
and you've got uh Austin. Okay, you can
see that that's the way it is. And then
only Austin has no safety monitor way in
the right. So really just one place has
no safety officer uh monitor. vehicles
deploy
&gt;&gt; they need like this is an approval issue
but other places Arizona and Florida
could be much faster to get to the end
stage
&gt;&gt; could be so but basically let's go
through the list you got Phoenix we just
talked about it he should have a list
there for like you know a fleet found uh
so Phoenix
&gt;&gt; you got uh Mesae
Arizona then you've got um surprising
that Los Angeles and San Diego are not
uh further along
But you got Denver where you have
vehicle operator ads. Miami where you
got more more hiring and final
regulatory approval. And then you got
Chicago. Wow, I didn't realize they were
this far along here.
&gt;&gt; I told everyone Chicago has very good
regulatory environment for this. They
can just rule this out in Illinois. I I
think that this is remember that you
have to have spotted a cyber cap with a
lighter setup and maybe there's these
cities you didn't that they were driving
around but nobody took a photo, right?
This is the worst it's going to be. Then
you've got Las Vegas and then you've got
even New York. I mean, obviously New
York, we just talked about it. They
don't have the rules for this and they
have to move away from New York. So, I'm
not expecting this to happen, but uh
they were testing it. And then you got
Texas, you got Dallas, San Antonio, and
very likely, of course, Houston as well.
Washington DC. I'm shocked Seattle's
even in this list, but yeah, they're
already doing this. It's going to be
very interesting what happens. I think
Q2 needs to see some movement and it
will be all eyes on Cyber Camp. What
happens to Cyber Cap? Uh I mean there
are some deployed unsupervised in
Austin. So
&gt;&gt; what do you mean by what happens to
CyberCap? Yeah. Did we actually get
video? I'm not sure. Did we see people
showing video rides with Cyber Cap
already in in Austin?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; No. No.
&gt;&gt; But they but not commercially. They
don't have passengers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think there's like a fleet of 30
cyber cabs found in Austin driving
around with human in it. Uh steering
wheel human in it. No, no side mirrors,
but they're just driving around. I think
we saw some without a human in there,
but not with a passenger.
&gt;&gt; Maybe. I saw video one and they claimed
that it wasn't, but you couldn't. Come
on, dude.
&gt;&gt; And who knows, father is still betting
the house on they're all selling with uh
mirrors and steering wheel in two days
or whatever. Let's see.
&gt;&gt; Uh and then so the latest count is 555
total fleet. That's the fleet that's
been found and that does include
inactive and there's nine unsupervised
and you can see the blue is Bay Area and
then you can see that the uh Austin is
flat. So just take a look at this. I
mean it looks like it went up in a in
Bay Area but that is supervised driving
&gt;&gt; and it's flat everywhere. And so the
question is why why is the unsupervised
flat? Why is the, you know, Austin flat
here? You can almost see the sort of
stopped the pay stopped because here's
why, right? 14.3 is going to roll out.
Are you going to keep hiring humans to
keep, you know, to you have a service in
California? It's huge. You want to have
more humans just to make sure people
don't wait too long, but otherwise,
they're not really rolling this out. But
what you're watching is hiring and
they're setting up the fleets. Why would
you have 60 cars sitting in Phoenix? We
have the same kind of fleet in U Dallas.
There was, again, I lost count. There's
many cities now where there's like
fleets of cars just sitting there. Why?
They're going to launch it.
&gt;&gt; By the way, if you look at these
numbers, Austin, uh, the Bay Area is
roughly seven times larger than Austin.
1 million versus 7 million
&gt;&gt; people.
&gt;&gt; So, that's interesting because Austin's
a little flatlining around 100. So maybe
we getting to 700 on the Bay Area and
then it flat lines there for now because
that is maybe that's the determined
level of saturation for the current
state with that pricing and with the
drivers in there because Austin's
clearly flatlining which means like they
don't see the need to fill up more.
&gt;&gt; Um so maybe that's the ratio for that
stage with human drivers in there
commercial operation. Uh and that gives
us a little bit of a hint. But of
course, this is all about the
unsupervised.
When do we see it tick up and keep
ticking up? I think that could lead to a
mini rally once we see that.
&gt;&gt; Well, there was two points. One was in
the earnings call, they showed a table
and they said that they were going to
have, you know, seven cities rolled up
before the first half of this year. The
first half of this year. At first, about
a month ago, I was already saying,
"Yeah, that's not going to happen.
That's done for." But no, now I see what
they're doing. Yes, that is going to
happen now. It's not going to be that
hard for them to roll out a supervised
system just like they have in uh in the
way they started Austin, the way that
they have in LA. They can do that pretty
easily in all the cities cuz you can see
they've got the cars already set up and
they're ready to go. So now I'm back on
board with them hitting those
milestones. But why delayed 14.3? Now,
if 14.3 comes out and truly is we see it
now, it did not come out last week. He
said uh Elon said it was going to be
before Sunday. Didn't come out Sunday,
but when it does come out, that's when
we know for at that point I I'm going to
start expecting unsupervised skyrocket.
&gt;&gt; And also, people already get it. Like
the employees was like a bunch of people
have I I haven't seen any videos yet,
but people have taken screenshots that
they got it, right?
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's definitely high suspense.
Let's see. You know my theory cyber
capab is the most reliable indicator
that something is up and it will be now
I think they can easily like delay us a
little bit until May but if nothing
happens in May I think we are getting
into problematic territory for the stock
like if no cyber caps by end of May.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Are you changing any of your
forecasts that you've been saying for
the last several months?
&gt;&gt; No, I'm like I'm staying put for now. I
said April or May.
Uh but we have to prepare. If we don't
see any movement, then the whole thesis
is out of the window. The timing thesis.
Then we then we don't know. It's like my
Trump thing. I always say taco, taco,
taco. But if there's no taco after a
week, I have to reassess like okay
something changed. Pattern breaker. We
cannot rely on it anymore. The same I
will do with Tesla, but we are not at
that point yet. I said cyber cap
manufacturing capex has to happen. High
confidence that they know what they're
doing. If not, it would hurt them a
little bit. That's why I'm am confident.
But of course, I took early on into
consideration it might push into May.
&gt;&gt; But it can if it pushes beyond May, I
think then the bets are off the table
because then, you know, why not push it
to September or something? So for me,
the thesis stands that the most likely
outcome as I see it still now is that we
start to scale unsupervised by May in
April or May. And of course, people
think, "Oh, Joe, you're crazy." Well,
I'm not saying it is guaranteed to
happen. I'm saying it is still the most
likely thing. And I'm not getting
nervous just because it doesn't happen.
If it doesn't happen, I have to
reassess. But the whole point of me
saying this is I have conviction. And so
let's see what happens because I'm it
would be very surprising to me if my old
prediction of 1800 actually becomes
true. But at this point I'm just then
I'm with CERN. It doesn't matter if
you're a few months late on the curve
but the curve has to start. And so when
does it start?
&gt;&gt; I would still say probably now. And then
you're you keep focusing on unsupervised
cyber cap specifically too because if if
all they did was uh launch the
supervised in five cities
not not important to you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. Good clarification. Well,
here we are. It's April. Next month is
May.
&gt;&gt; It is it's dramatic. Not as dramatic as
Iran nuclear weapons, but it is very
dramatic because yeah, I don't know
what's going to happen. I have to stick
to my thesis for now and let's see.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Again, I think if you break it
down, you said CyberCap, I think it's
14.3. So, we'll wait and see what
happens at 14.3 if it launches and then
to see if it truly is a step change and
then from there CyberCap
&gt;&gt; 14.3 I would like really place a bet
that the roll out at scale happens in
April.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like this month because they already
started it so some people have it. So
that's going to happen
&gt;&gt; now. Is that enough to actually get it
done? I don't know. Probably. I mean,
that's what I'm betting on kind of. But
&gt;&gt; yeah, wonderful. Thank you so much, Joe.
Check him out. Go to his website,
pionerlands.org.
Got good thinking there. Appreciate you.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herdomm.com.