Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       What Happen Friday With the Stock Market? Is The Bubble Popping? Is Tesla Going To Crash?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpNt9Q0MITk
Published:   2026-06-08 02:02 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-08 03:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On Friday, we saw the biggest market
sell-off in over a year. The last time
this happened, Liberation Day 2025. So,
why is this happening? Could we have
seen this coming? And where do we go
from here? Adding to the chaos, Iran
today attacked Israel. The first attacks
since we had the ceasefire back in
April. With all this market uncertainty,
what does this mean for Tesla? Can Tesla
still hit all-time highs? Let's discuss.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy.
This morning, Iran notified the world
that it had intentions of attacking
Israel in retaliation for what Israel
has been doing inside of Lebanon. Now,
this is very reminiscent of what we saw
Iran do in 2025 where they would
pre-announce an attack and it became
more of a symbolic attack so that they
could kind of save face. This is what it
reminds me of. I know you're going to
see a lot of rhetoric out there today
about all this escalating and it might.
I'm not saying that it won't, but it
does remind me as a measure type
retaliation from Iran to Israel to kind
of send a message more than anything. If
we continue to look here, uh, we see
this report saying that a fragile
ceasefire is in jeopardy as Iran
reportedly fires first missiles at
Israel. So, these did occur. They were
essentially four waves of of 10 10
rockets, I believe, that that hit. So,
the Iron Dome did intercept everything
and there was really no damage it
appears at least for now in Israel. Here
we have a report from Barack saying uh
quotes uh from my phone call with
President Trump. The Iranian missiles
fired didn't hit anyone. I hope Israel
doesn't respond. If BB attacks them
back, it'll just drag on like like it
has for the past 47 years or the past
3,000 years. Trump added, "We're very
close to a final deal with Iran. It'll
be a good deal. I don't want it to blow
blow up because of what's happening now.
Trump emphasized, I'm about to call BB
BB Netanyahu right now and tell him not
to respond. Both of them have already
done their part. Israel had its its
strikes and Iran Iran has has its
strikes. We don't need another one.
Essentially, what we're hearing, what's
being reported is that Trump is
essentially telling BB to stand down,
not to continue going tit for tat.
Israel attacked Lebanon. Iran retaliated
to Israel and not only did they
retaliate but they, you know, gave
pre-warning that they were going to do
this. And so what Trump is saying, "Hey
guys, okay, we're we're equal. All
right, stand down. Everybody relax.
Let's get to a ceasefire. Let's let's or
let's continue to ceasefire and let's
get to a deal. Let's end this." It's
funny enough because once again, in my
opinion, Trump's kind of being the
grown-up in the room here. You know, it
reminds me a lot of a interview CNN did
with Trump. Not to get political, this
has nothing to do with politics. By the
way, Trump had an interview with CNZ,
his first one when he was about to run.
And I believe it was Caitlyn who was
interviewing him. She was asking him,
"Who do you want to win in the war,
Russia or Ukraine?" And he said, "I
don't care. I just want the dying to
stop. I want the fighting to stop." And
that's what this reminds me of, where
he's sitting here saying, "Guys, just
stop it. We've done what we've done.
We've got an understanding. We've hit
them where they are with with their
nuclear sites. Uh, Israel, we've done
enough. Iran, let's get to a deal. Let's
stop the fight and let's stop the
killing. We'll see what happens from
here. Obviously, you know, Trump also
has his own agenda. He's got midterms
coming up. Oil prices, inflation, his
approval ratings aren't aren't doing too
well. Not like many presidents are at
this time time of year into into the
presidency. Obviously, he also has his
own agendas with that as well. But in
general, he has been consistent that he
doesn't want wars. He doesn't want
prolonged wars. Whether you think this
is justified or not, that's a whole
another debate. I just wanted to bring
up what's currently happening because it
will affect the markets going in
tomorrow. So, we are very likely to see
oil prices go up. We are very likely to
see this affect the stock market. And
we'll talk about that in a little bit.
Right now, it's just important to
understand what's happening overnight.
May bleed into uh Monday morning when
the market opens, but it doesn't always.
Just because we see a big sell-off or
negativity in the overnight markets, it
doesn't mean that will extend into
Monday. Now, obviously, we're coming off
a very crazy Friday. Tonight might not
look as good as people would hope. Uh,
and we'll talk more about that in a
second, but first, let's let's take
stock of where we are right now. We have
what's called the fear and greed index.
And really, this is measuring sentiment
in the market on how people are feeling.
Now, when I showed this to you guys last
week, we were sitting at 61. And that
sits right on kind of the greed side.
Now we're sitting at 42. All right, this
says 12 point drop here, but from last
week it's about a 19 point drop. We see
this. How do we interpret this? Well, I
think the best way to interpret this is
just that people are a little timid,
right? We're bouncing between greed and
we're bouncing between fear. So when
we're sitting here in this greed fear
box or zone, it's actually pretty
normal. This is honestly probably where
you want to be. You don't want to be on
extreme fear. You want to be in extreme
greed. So I'm not too worried about
this. We need to understand what
happened on Friday and could we have
seen this coming? And so for those of
you who don't follow me on X, I want to
show you some of the some of the content
that I share only with subscribers to
kind of show you what led up to this and
why you could have been able to see this
ahead of time. Let's first start off
with what I wrote here on June 2nd. So
here we can see and just for you guys
have a little context the the the topic
here was about the market and a lot of
news analysts out there were talking
about how right now you can see open
interest for for options was 70% calls
and 30% puts. What I was talking about
here is that we can't know what the
makeup is of that 70%. Most people very
shallow interpretation would be that
that 70% of calls are just people buying
calls and that is incorrect. That is a
poor way of looking at it. So here I
said when you hear 70% volume or call
options we know this isn't only buying
options. This includes selling options.
If you trade like me which means I don't
you know outside my Tesla shares I don't
care if my shares get called away. In
fact I am taking assignment or buying
the shares with the goal of them getting
called away. You can't have a buyer
without a seller. So looking at the 70%
is not clearcut. We don't know how much
of the volume comes from buyers or
sellers who are hedging or hoping that
their shares get called away. Now we do
know that in general there are more
buyers than sellers. That much we do
know. And we do know that the current
sentiment and momentum and spirit of the
market is bullish. But the point I was
making here is this next line. The main
caveat that these numbers don't show,
meaning the 70%, is if people are
positioning for a selloff or if it's
majority people bullish. If you think
about it, if you have your Tesla shares,
right, and if you are sitting there
trying to position yourself because you
think the sell-off is coming, what would
you probably do? You'd probably sell
calls against your Tesla shares to
protect them as the market sells off.
Now, again, when we see that 7030 split,
all we see is the open interest. We
can't see if that 70% of calls are
people buying or selling calls. So, this
is where there's truth within the data
that people aren't talking about. And
especially in the media, they just like
to talk about the 7030 split as if, hey,
everybody's just extremely euphoric and
optimistic. They for some reason avoid,
maybe they don't know, but they avoid
the whole point that there might be a
lot of people protecting their
portfolios by selling calls rather than
buying. So I go on to say high call
volume can include dealers institutions
selling calls to hedge or collect
premium and extreme readings like this
can signal overcrowding. A classic
contrarian warning for a potential
reversal if sentiment flips. The truth
is that it's a sign of the current risk
on euphoria in the market particularly
around AI and tech. Markets can stay
rational longer than expected but this
level of call dominance is worth
watching and understanding. It can mean
that everyone is bullish, but it can
also mean many are hedging already and
positioning their portfolios for a
reversal. Again, I was talking about
this on June 2nd. So, I also go on to
talk about this next part, which I think
it's very important for you to
understand going into this current
market and especially this coming up
week. So we have gone from a stock
buyback era to a capex era to a every
quarter we raise capex era and now we're
entering a mag seven companies are doing
equity raises for AI spending era. So in
other words we went from a place where
Apple, Google, Facebook, everyone's
buying back their stock. Then we went
into a phase of everyone's talking about
all this capex they're going to spend on
because of AI. Then we went into this
place where everyone was trying to one
up each other on the capex that they're
going to spend. And now we've entered
this new frontier. And this new frontier
is where we see Google going out for an
equity race. First time they've done an
equity race since they went public back
in 2024 or 20 2004, excuse me. Google
has not done an equity race since 2004.
If I had to guess, they are not the only
ones. They are simply the first. This
tells us that the biggest, smartest,
most talented, most capital efficient
and forward-looking companies are
saying, quote, "Hey, we have a line of
sight and we need to be maniacally
focused on where we are making our bets
and the time is now to ramp up." All
right, this sounds very familiar, right?
Sounds like Tesla whenever Tesla all of
a sudden saw this moment where, hey, we
have essentially figured out FSD. Now is
the time to really start scaling our
data centers and they did it in a big
meaningful way. These companies don't
spend this kind of capital let alone do
an equity raise unless they see massive
opportunity they are going after the CEO
of Amazon Andy Jasse he himself said
that they are making money on every
single GPU every single server every
single data center that they stand up
that they have demand that is waiting
that they cannot fill. This is true for
Google for Microsoft for Meta for Tesla
for everybody right now. We cannot get
enough data centers. We cannot get
enough compute online. Hence what we see
right now with Tesla or excuse me with
XAI renting out to anthropic to Google.
The the demand is insatiable right now.
Not just for memory, not just for GPUs,
not just for data centers, not just for
energy, for all of it. And that is why
these companies are on a race on a break
neck pace to get as much capital as they
can deployed to create more data
centers. And in my opinion, this is not
a sign of the top. It's a validation
that we are on the verge of seeing
explosive growth and they see it and
they means the mag seven. The markets in
Wall Street will naturally be skeptical
as we've seen for what the last 3 years,
four years, but we have never been in
this type of market. We will have
pullbacks, but I see no sign of a
bubble. Again, this was June 2nd. All
right. Now, let's talk about June 3rd.
What did I see June 3rd? So, on June
3rd, I wrote yesterday David Solomon
from Goldman Sachs was at the Economic
Club of New York discussing the markets.
He mentioned that there is more greed
verse fear in the markets. He also
mentioned everyone can see this. It
isn't a secret. The point he was making
is that we are going to continue seeing
companies come to the market to raise
capital. Sound familiar? It only makes
sense. When people are willing to pay,
this is a time you want to come to the
markets to raise capital. As I mentioned
yesterday, Google is doing an equity
raise. Won't be the last in my opinion.
If anything, it is a sign of what's to
come. So again, I talked about that on
June 2nd. On June 3rd, David Sullivan
comes out and he says the same thing. He
sees the same thing. And I go on to say
here, keep in mind that Google, they did
a$80 billion raise. This is bigger than
what SpaceX is raising. SpaceX is
raising 75 billion. Google did 80
billion. You know who backed them?
Birkshire Hathaway backed them. That is
another signal that this is not just a
bubble. That this is kind of the real
deal. This is a moment in time. This is
a once in a century time. This is you
have you have the industrial revolution.
You have the internet. And now you have
today AI. Solomon wasn't saying the
market is going to sell off because it's
more greedy. In fact, he was saying the
opposite. We have record amounts of
wealth. These companies are making a lot
of money and we are in a virtuous cycle.
So on June 3rd, I went on to say, when I
trade and when I teach how I trade, I
frequently talk about not trying to make
every dollar you possibly can. Right? I
believe very much in this. To be
measured and to avoid the avoidable.
Again, let me say this again. to be
measured and to avoid the avoidable.
Most of the big sell-offs or many
sell-offs have been predictable. But
most people don't avoid them because
they don't want to miss out on the stock
on the stock or the market going up even
more. I grew out of this mentality.
Okay? I listen, being a Tesla investor
is probably why, but I grew out of this
mentality a long time ago. Being a Tesla
investor helps you avoid that type of
thinking. How many years have we been
waiting for XYZ to happen? How many
times have we said it can't or won't
drop to this price? And if you look at
the last few market sell-offs, they were
pretty predictable. Let me give you a
few examples. End of 2001, inflation was
at 9% and it was clear the Fed was going
to start raising rates. December of
2021, guess what? They announced it.
Early 2022, not only is the Fed raising
rates, but Russia spent 8 weeks bringing
their military to the border of Ukraine.
Guess what they did? They invaded. How
about 2020? Co. It started in China, got
to Italy, made its way into some cruise
ships that were essentially sequestered
offshore, and then finally it hit the
USA. It took 4 months for this to start.
2025, Trump and his team spoke for 2
weeks announcing that they were going to
have terrorists placed on all these
countries around the world. Okay? And
then on Liberation Day, everyone
panicked. Again, all of these were
avoidable. All of these were
predictable. The same with this past
Friday. Jobs number. Jobs number was
avoidable. This is what I teach in the
zero day course. This is even what I
teach in the options crash course. I
talk about avoiding the avoidable. I
avoid job numbers. I avoid CPI days. I
avoid Fed meetings. All of these are
events that you know will move the
markets. So, you know what? Why not just
avoid them? You don't need to trade
every day. This is what I'm talking
about. Not trying to make every single
dollar. Now, again, if you want to join,
we have the options crash course. We got
one more coming up in July and I've got
a zero date in August. Again, I'll leave
the links down below. You guys can sign
up. Uh, but let's continue here because
I think it's really important to
understand, could we have avoided this?
Could we have seen this coming? And you
need to see this so that you can see
this for yourself in the future. You
should have been able to see a lot of
this that I'm talking about without me
having to write all of this. But if not,
it's fine. You can go follow me on X and
subscribe and you'll be able to see
everything I'm writing. But let's go on
here. This is most critical for me. I
see two potential moments that could
create chaos that I want to avoid.
Number one, the SpaceX IPO. If you look
back at history, many tops in the market
come around a moment that the market has
been waiting for. This moment is why so
much money is coming into the markets.
Once the moment happens, the market
sells off. Think the old adage, buy the
rumor, sell the news. But on a much
bigger scale. With the SpaceX IPO set to
happen on the 11th and the first trading
date on the 12th, I want to make sure
that by the end of the 12th, I've
reduced my trades in case we start to
see the market sell the news. I have no
idea what will happen, but this is a
binary moment and I would prefer to
avoid. The market will likely surge on
the 12th. Perfect timing for me to be
out and in cash and looking for
opportunities. Number two, Kevin Walsh
first Fed meeting on June 17th, the week
after the SpaceX IPO. Kevin Walsh will
hold his first Fed meeting as chair.
This is a paradigm shift in the markets
with the new Fed chair that wants to
overhaul how the Fed works. We have no
idea what he will say, but the Fed chair
leads the Federal Reserve for the
largest economy in the world. His words
will and can move markets. We should all
know that from Jerome Powell. The
problem is that we all think we know how
it will go based on our own biases. My
mental model says I don't know what he
will say. And even if I did, I wouldn't
know how the market's going to react.
Perfect example, even if I told you we
were going into Venezuela and capturing
their president. If I told you then we
would start a war with Iran and I told
you that having this information, I will
let you make your bets in the market, I
don't think any one of you would have
predicted that we'd be at all-time highs
in the market. I really don't. So, with
a potential paradigm shift, with a big
binary moment, I will choose to have
less trades on the table. To be clear,
this doesn't mean I'm bearish. I'm
simply protective of my money and I want
to avoid the avoidable. I ended June
3rd's note by saying final thoughts. My
goal is to buy and hold Tesla, sell
cover calls against it at the right time
and trade and make money around the
portfolio without selling my Tesla
shares. That's again what I teach in
options crash course. How to make 1 to
4% on your portfolio without having to
sell your Tesla shares. Again, links
down below. But that's the whole point
to be capital efficient, to be smart
with our money. Tesla may take forever
to go up. We don't know when it's going
to go up. In the meantime, I can make
money on it. In the meantime, I'm going
to sell cover calls at the right time,
at the smart time, so my shares don't
get called away. And if they do get
called away, it is because Tesla hit an
extremely high price, at an extremely
high all-time high, and only then will
they take my shares. I go on to say,
because of this, I don't mind reducing
my trades due to a moment and a paradigm
shift coming. I'm not here to make every
last dollar. I'm here to be mechanical
and stand the test of time. This is my
goal to stand the test of time. Up to
this point, a lot of this, I didn't know
what was going to happen Friday, but you
can see that I could already tell things
were changing. Things were already
leading towards, hey, I want to get
light. I want to be more or less out of
this market. And so, you can see where I
was going here. So, here we go on June
4th. I do want everyone to be aware that
the S&amp;P is likely to keep going lower.
If you look at the momentum for the S&amp;P
again, S&amp;P is S&amp;P 500. We have stock
going up and we are now heading lower.
This doesn't mean we are having a
sell-off. This is normal action, but it
is something anyone trading zeroday
option should be aware of. It is
something anyone who has nothing but
bullish trades on should be aware of. As
I told you all yesterday, I will be
trimming my trades going into the SpaceX
IPO. My goals is to have capital and
buying power ready to deploy deploy
after the SpaceX IPO and Kevin Worsh Fed
meeting. Again, I said all this the day
before Friday happened. And then here we
are the day of Friday. What was I
saying? You may have thought the market
would be surging right after the jobs
report because it was fantastic. It was
phenomenal. Clearly, we do not have a
jobs problem. And I'll tell you,
everyone would have predicted that
yesterday. In fact, they were saying
that on CNBC. But once the numbers came
out and we saw the weakness in the
pre-market and in the 10-year, the same
experts now point to rate hike fears.
This goes to show you no one knows
anything. A better use of time would
have been avoiding a binary event like
jobs number versus predicting the
outcome. Avoiding a binary event is the
objective. I 100% know this event is
going to happen and I 100% know this
will send the markets up or down. So, I
will control what I can. I will avoid
certain trades before a binary event. In
other words, zero day trades. I will
avoid them. What others will do is try
and predict if the numbers will beat.
That's a 50/50 bet. Then after that
50/50 bet, they will try to predict if
that will send the markets up or down.
Another 50/50 bit bet. This is not the
way. So, again, I went over that just to
show you how I was thinking leading up
to Friday. And again, if you were
reading my post, hopefully you were also
not saying following me, but at least
taking as a data point so you could make
your own decisions. I've been lightening
up. I told everybody who subscribed to
me that I got out of MU on Wednesday, I
believe, only to see it go down on
Thursday and Friday. How did I know
that? I didn't know that. I could just
see that there was weakness in the
momentum of Micron. And then I also hit
my price target zones, which is 50%.
Now, was I hoping to get to 100% because
I had this interesting arbitrage with
earnings coming up? Yes, I was. But you
know what? The second I saw that there
was some weakness, you know what I did?
I got out of it. Why? Because I'm
mechanical. Why? Because I'm not greedy.
Why? Because I'm not trying to make
every last dollar. I'm trying to stand
the test of time. Let's look at some of
these charts and let's see if we can
make sense of where we're going to go
from here. Here we see the S&amp;P and this
is the daily. So here you can see June
2nd which was the first day I started
reading from here and you can see here
we went to a darker green on the BX
trender. Now this was a indication of
hey there might be something here. The
next day we saw another red one. That
was a very clear signal. Hey we're on
our way down. This is when I was warning
everybody hey the S&amp;P will likely
continue to go down. And sure enough we
saw what happened into Friday. Looking
at this it kind of looks like we're
probably going to have a down day on
Monday. I I'll be honest with you. I
don't want that to be the case, but it's
what it looks like. I was just looking
at Bitcoin and Bitcoin, I've talked
about this so many times that I do think
Bitcoin is kind of a a good precursor to
what's going to happen. And actually,
Bitcoin was down, now it's up. When I
was looking before was at 61,000, now
it's at 63,000. So, let's see if the
futures open actually right now to see
what those are saying because this can
give us a good indication of what might
happen tomorrow. Again, it's no
guarantee of anything. Let's see. Okay,
so stock futures fall as Iran and Israel
shake fragile ceasefire. Yeah, again,
but it's only about a third of a
percent. It's nothing crazy. Honestly,
looking at it, it's only down a third of
a percent. It makes me kind of hopeful
for tomorrow. We'll keep an eye on this.
I'll look at this again as as uh we wrap
up here, but we still have a lot to
cover. So, we still got to talk about
Tesla. So, okay. So, let's continue. So,
again, the reason I say that this could
keep going lower is because I'm looking
at the BX trender here, and this still
has room to the downside. Furthermore,
you can see that the RSI here and you
can see that that also has room to
continue going down. And by the way, if
anyone's wondering about my hair, it's
because I was I've been in the pool for
the last three days uh hanging out with
my son. So, uh yeah, I got like I guess
forever chlorine hair or chlorine
saltwater hair, saltwater pool. All
right, let's get off that tangent. Okay,
so let's get back here. So, this is the
SPX. So, this looks not great. Okay, but
let's look at Tesla. Here's Tesla. Tesla
actually looks a little better, believe
it or not, than what the uh S&amp;P looks
like. And the reason I say that is
because here we can see the daily. The
daily has been going down for Tesla for
about one, two, three, four, five days,
pretty much a week. So, we've been
seeing Tesla go down for a week. The
funny thing is when we opened up on
Friday, we actually went high. We hit I
think a high of 423. And in full
transparency, I did scalp some Tesla
calls on that. This isn't something I
ever talk about uh or let anyone know
ahead of time, these aren't real cover
calls. I'll let you know when I'm
selling actual cover calls. Promise you
I will. a man of my word here. But what
I won't do is let you know if I'm
scalping because those are just like
trades you shouldn't be doing. I
shouldn't be doing, but I do them
because I'm human. So, we hit 423 only
to see us sell off all the way down to
391. It's not looking too great right
now, but honestly, I feel like we've
been selling off for quite some time now
here on the daily. So, there's a chance
that Tesla could have a little bit of a
bounce back sometime this week. I am
somewhat optimistic on Tesla on the
daily. What if we go out to look at the
weekly? This looks a little different
here on the weekly. You can see that we
were trending nicely. We had higher
highs. That's what those bright green
bars are in the middle of the page.
Those are showing as higher highs. Now,
obviously, this past week, it was no
good. We had five straight down days
essentially, as you saw just a second
ago on the daily, the BX tender, and
this essentially printed a dark green
candle or candle a bar. That's okay.
That doesn't mean that we can't keep
going up, but it is a reason for
caution. We were set up structurally, we
were set up to go to all-time highs.
Everything looked beautiful on the
weekly, on the daily, on the monthly.
But now, hey, now things are, you know,
not as clear, not as evident. This is
just momentum. We all know everything's
going on with Tesla. So, don't let this
dictate what's actually going to happen.
We also have information that this
doesn't know about. Keep that in mind.
But now, let's look at the monthly. And
I think this is really where taking the
bigger picture at hand is what matters.
And here we can see the bigger picture.
This is where yes, if we look at this
right now on the monthly, if you look at
the BX, it's showing a lower low,
meaning that darker red bar after we
were looking very good for that light
red. Now, I will say this happens
sometimes where you see a little bit of
this gyration uh between us going from a
lower low to a higher low, then we also
get a lower low only to see us rally
back up. I'm not too worried because
again, if you just look at the trend
right now, the trend as they say is your
friend. Right now, the trend is up and
to the right. On the monthly, I'm not
actually too concerned. We still have a
lot of month left to go. On the weekly,
it's still green. On the daily, it kind
of looks like it might be bottoming out
soon. Where do I think we go from here?
In general, I think that the market is
still healthy. I think we're still going
to keep going up. I think, like I said,
doesn't mean that we won't have these
little pullbacks, and I think that's
what this is. I don't think this is the
start of a bigger sell-off. I think this
is just a little, you know, taking froth
out of the top. I think some I think
this had many things going on. We had
jobs numbers that came out that spooked
the market because it made the market
think, hey, we're not going to get any
rate cuts. If we don't get any rate
cuts, well, we got to price that in. And
so that's what started happening. We
started pricing in those rate cuts or
those lack of rate cuts. And actually,
what happened was it pricing a rate
hike. This is the same paradigm that we
had with drone pow. Now, we got Kevin
Worsh coming in here. Keep in mind, he's
one man. He's one vote. So that doesn't
mean that he can sway everyone. I
believe he will reset the Fed, change
the paradigm, the way they think about
things. And I actually do think that if
anything, they're going to stay flat.
They're going to stay unchanged or
they're going to find a way to make a
cut. And the reason being is there's no
reason not to cut. And when I say that,
what I mean is everyone has this this
take that if the economy is running hot,
meaning we have good GDP numbers and we
have good employment numbers and
everything's just humming along that we
can't have lower rate. And this isn't
actually true. This is just the way it's
been. This is the way that the Fed has
done things. That doesn't mean it has to
be that way. It doesn't mean that the
Fed can't cut rates to stimulate the
economy to make it run even hotter. The
reason why you normally want higher
rates in good times is because it gives
you a lever to pull whenever things
start to go bad whenever inflation
starts to get out of control. That way
we don't have to do what Jerome Pal did,
which is jack up the rates just to have
a lever to be able to pull. If things
start to slow down and we want to
stimulate the economy and we're already
at low rates, it's really hard to do
that. That's why it's kind of nice
having high rates. In general, it is
also a break of friction on the economy.
So there's two different ways of
thinking this. On the one hand, you
could say, "Hey, we can let off the
brakes a little bit more and let the
economy run hotter, which will be good
for the economy." Yes, a little
inflation may be had. That's not
necessarily a bad thing. People forget
that from the late 80s till about 1997,
we had above 2% average inflation. That
doesn't mean that all of a sudden we had
a weak economy or runaway inflation. No,
that's not what it meant. In fact, those
are some amazing years for the markets,
for the country. Okay, let's talk about
three more things here before we hop off
to think a little bit about where we're
going from here. Not only did we have
jobs number that just kind of spooked
the market because what may or may not
happen with rates. Not only do we have
that, but we also had the announcement
that Meta would be coming into the
markets potentially for a capital raise.
Much like what Google did, much like I
predicted a week prior that this was not
going to be the only one. That Google
wouldn't be the only one, but they would
be the first. Why is this happening?
Because there's money to be had. That's
why because people are foaming at the
mouth to raise capital because they can
see line of sight to put that capital
back to work to make a good ROI on it.
There's no other reason Meta would be
going to the equity markets. There's no
other reason why Google would. And I'm
telling you, it won't just be Google and
Meta. As long as this market stays good
and healthy, as long as we have SpaceX
going for an IPO, anthropic, open AI, as
long as we see Google going out there
and be able to uh sell equity to raise
capital, this will continue until we see
a clear indication that the markets have
said enough, but I don't think we're
anywhere near from that. Let's add to
this. Tom Lee, he says, uh he doesn't
think that this is the start of a
broader sell-off. he said, but he does
think we will see a correction that
feels like a bare market later in the
year. In fact, he thinks right now this
is just a little bit of a giveback
before we continue to go higher. Tom
Lee, he also thinks that this is kind of
a nothing burger, that this is just a
whatever. And lastly, let me show you
this. Here's a chart that odd stats put
together, and I'll give a credit out to
Lord uh Pretty Flaco. He asked uh Odd
Stats to add another column in the
middle. I'll explain what it is. So,
first on the left here, we can see the
dates and we can see what happened on
Friday on these dates. And so, these
were like essentially big bad sell-offs
that we saw. On the far right, we have
the Monday returns. So, essentially at
the end of the day on that Monday,
meaning what we're going to see
tomorrow, how did it close? And so,
that's what you see on the right there.
However, what uh Laura Pretty Flocka was
asking for in the middle was okay, sure,
but during that Monday, what was the
biggest draw down that we saw before
Monday closed? So, for example, if you
look at Friday, April 4th, here on that
Friday, we saw a we saw the market sell
off 6%. And then on that Monday, we saw
that the draw down was 4.92%
only to close up.19%.
Right? So, that's what the middle column
is. is on that Monday intraday. What was
the biggest we saw the sell off before
it closed on Monday. And then what you
see on the far right is how it actually
closed on Monday. Kind of a bit of a
50/50 here. And if you look, these dates
go way back. And this just shows you how
rare it really was what we saw this past
Friday. But again, it wasn't crazy. And
to keep in mind, these are NASDAQ
numbers, not S&amp;P 500 numbers. Take this
into context, okay? Don't get too
paranoid about what's happening uh in
the markets tomorrow or even for the
rest of the week. This is normal. Okay,
this is healthy. I dare I say the
markets will do this. They will give
some back and they will continue to
rally. That's my opinion. As I say that
the pre-markets right now are actually
almost green. They're down 09%.
So, and what's what's Bitcoin doing
again? Bitcoin's still up. Bitcoin's up
about 2,000, up 3% right now. We're in
this market that is built on a good
foundation, on a foundation of earnings,
on a foundation of profitable companies.
We see that these companies, the best
capital allocators in the world with the
leading technology in the world that is
actual actual usable technology, not
some like theoretical website that we
don't know what's going to do pets.com
kind of stuff. No, this is actual
tangible useful technology that creates
high levels of productivity that people
can make money on today. Right? That's
what we're seeing. We're in a very early
stages of a industrial revolution of a
internet boom without in my opinion the
risk of the bubbles. That doesn't mean
that there aren't certain companies are
just slapping an AI label on them that
are just going to go by the wayside.
Sure, plenty of those companies. But
fundamentally the companies like Micron,
Sandis, Tesla, Meta, Apple, Amazon, go
on, Microsoft, Google these are strong
companies. These are companies that are
very profitable on their own and they
are taking that profit and rolling it
into the future. And that future is AI.
That future is data centers. That future
is the next era of what this world's
going to be, the next technological
frontier. And right now they are at a in
a battle to see who's going to dominate
it. Who's going to be the Googles and
the Amazons and the Metas of 2010 to
2020. Who's going to be those companies
from 2020 through through 2040? That's
where we're at right now. If you go back
to 2010 and I told you just to buy
Google, Apple, Microsoft, Meta, Amazon,
you just bought those companies, went
all into those, you probably wouldn't be
working right now. You could probably be
done. And that's where we are right now.
Can we figure out what those companies
are going to be for the next 20 years?
Because those are the companies that
will stand the test of time. But there's
only one way they're going to be able to
do that, and that's to invest heavily
right now. Because the ones with the
compute, the ones with the energy, the
ones with the data center will be the
ones with the means to be able to put
out and dominate these spaces. We are in
a very, very big race right now. And in
my opinion, as you all know, Tesla's the
clear leader. Elon Musk is the clear
leader. Now, the question is, how's the
story going to unfold? Will we see robo
taxis everywhere sooner than later? Will
we see physical real world AI really
dominate the way many of us think it
will? Or is this all really a big bubble
and we're all just living in our own
delusion, our own biases? Only time will
tell. Hope you enjoyed this video.
Please trade small, be careful, be
capital efficient, and I'll see you guys
out there. Cheers.