Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       The Stock Market Is In a Do or Die Moment!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORnyHzg4LGI
Published:   2026-04-27 03:40 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-27 04:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Markets hit record highs on Friday, but
this week is do or die. This week, we
hear from some of the top companies as
they are set to report earnings. If that
wasn't enough, we had an assassination
attempt on the president once again.
Peace talks with Iran seem to be going
nowhere. The blockade on the Street of
Hormuz continues. The DOJ drops its
probe on drum pow. And the Tesla
community seems split on whether or not
SpaceX and Tesla should have a merger.
Let's discuss.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy.
On Saturday during the White House press
dinner, there was yet another
assassination attempt on the president
of the United States. Now, this is more
emblematic, I would say, of just the
tension that we see across the board.
You see it here in the United States
politically, you see it geopolitically,
and you see the tension in the markets
between the bulls and the bears. Will
this have an effect on the markets, the
assassination t? I have no idea. We'll
find out together. But I think it's more
of a sign of the current times where we
have this push and pull, whether it's
Democrats or Republicans, the Western
world, the Eastern world, the bulls and
the bears in the markets. I think this
tension will alleviate itself sooner
than later. Let's start off with the war
in Iran. Okay, this is critical once
again for the markets because if we do
not get the straight horses open, we're
going to see sustained oil prices that
are higher for longer. Now, that's not
necessarily the worst thing in the world
because it might mean that all these
countries learn to deviate their oil,
create new pipelines, maybe even create
a new canal uh within the Saudi Arabia
in order to avoid the straight of moose
and just make this a non-issue moving
forward. However, there will be
short-term pain for long-term gain. If
that's the case, we need to see oil
prices come down. You already see a
potential airline jet fuel crisis in
Europe. Here in the States, we're fine.
We're going to be self sustainable one
way or another. Most of our electricity
is through solar or natural gas. So, I'm
not too worried about us here in the
States. However, we are not immune to
global market impacts. If oil prices go
high for everyone else, we will feel it
and we will be impacted to it. We're in
a global economy. There's no two ways
about it. So, where where are we on
progress when it comes to Iran, United
States, and peace talks? Well, seems
like we're in a stalemate. We have the
blockade on the straight of Hormuz. You
have Iran still boarding vessels and
capturing them, if not firing on them if
they go by the straight of moose. And we
don't really know who's in charge over
there. It seems like every day we find
out that there's someone else who's
leading the conversations. Will they go
to Pakistan? Today, they're saying that
they're not going to go to Pakistan. and
they're not interested in negotiations.
So, I don't know where this goes. I
would have thought that we would get a
peace deal sooner than later. However,
maybe the ceasefire, if it continues,
that's good enough for now. So, we'll
have to just keep an eye on that and
just be aware in the markets, whether
you're trading or just buy and hold
long-term, just be aware that any moment
things could flare up once again. At any
moment, there could be shocks and bombs
could start dropping once again. So
don't get caught off guard on that.
Don't just get too comfortable and be
paranoid. So what's the big issue with
oil when it comes to the markets? Well,
the big issue is inflation. Oil has its
fingers in everything. The price of oil
makes its way into the prices of all
goods that we consume because it has to
get transported from point A to point B.
And as prices go up for transportation,
whether it's through vessels, trucks,
airlines, consumers will feel that
because somehow companies have to
account for it. And so this could create
short-term inflation. However, I'm still
of the opinion that if oil prices are
higher, it's actually going to
eventually become deflationary. Why?
Well, because unless there's more money
printing from the government and that
being injected into the economy where it
can circulate faster and faster, you're
not going to see actual inflation. A
price increase on its own is not
inflation. However, it can feel like it,
especially after we've had record high
inflation that we haven't seen in 40
years. So, why would I say it's not
inflationary? Well, if you think about
it, if you have $10 and $10 is all you
have and that's what you get paid every
single day and you disperse that $10
based on all the things you have to buy
and all of a sudden one of those things,
in this case fuel, goes up in price,
well, you don't have more than $10. You
have to reallocate your $10. And so that
means you have to give something up
rather than just eating the price of
that. And so if you don't have
disposable income or extra income that
you could spend on compensating for that
new increase in price, you have to give
something up. And as you start to give
something up, that creates deflation.
Why? Because people will travel less.
People will opt out in for the lower
brand of XYZ. They'll eat out less. All
these things start to circulate in the
economy and it starts to slowly slow the
economy down. So that's what makes it
deflationary. Now, with that said, there
is a big Fed meeting coming up this
week. Now, the Fed's very interesting at
the moment because right now we
anticipate that there will be no rate
cuts and I think that's pretty clearly
priced into the markets. Now, the bigger
news that broke this past weekend is
that the Trump DOJ has dropped its
investigation, its probe into Jerome
Powell. By doing that, we've had a
domino effect. Tillis will no longer
block Worsh's confirmation. And so it
seems like all paths are clear for
Jerome Pal to step to his side, Wars to
take the helm and get confirmed. If
that's the case, I think we can expect
to see rate cuts sooner than later. That
news just broke this past weekend. So
that might at some point this week start
to make its way into the markets. So
keep an eye out for that. But like I
said, as for the Fed meeting, it's still
in a drone pal and all expectations are
that there will be no rate cuts this
week. I don't think that the Fed is an
issue. uh anything really to worry
about. There still might be market
moving news if Jerome Pal gets asked
questions that he might answer regarding
the president, the investigation, wars,
what he sees moving forward. Don't
underestimate that Jerome Pal still has
the ability to move the markets with his
words. So, his words do matter, but
because we're anticipating no rate cuts
and the markets pretty much fully priced
that in, I don't think it'll be much of
an event. Now, the main event for this
week is earnings, right? Most of the
companies that you probably trade or you
probably just invest in are going to be
reporting this week. We have Microsoft,
Meta, Amazon, Google, and Apple. And two
other companies that most people uh
trade would be Bloom Energy, which is
directly tied to the whole AI play, and
SanDisk. Now, keep in mind SanDisk is a
memory company. High bandwidth memory.
We've been talking about that non-stop
for what, past 3 months. High bandwidth
memory is critical for the AI play.
Without high bandwidth memory, Nvidia
GPUs simply do not work. As we know,
there has been a bottleneck for these
memory chips. This is critical when when
they report because it can have a ripple
effect. If they report really well and
they provide extreme extremely bullish
guidance, this could have repercussions
for companies like Micron and all the
other memory companies. Much like what
we saw with Intel last week, Intel had a
blockbuster quarter and earnings and
this rippled its effect into AMD and to
Nvidia. I could see the same thing
happening with Sandis. So be careful if
you're doing anything with Micron or any
of the other memory chip companies,
especially on the call side. Now, as
these companies report their earnings,
let me remind you who they are again.
Microsoft, Meta, Amazon, Google, Apple,
and then we have Bloomry and Sandis. But
what I want to point out to you is that
last quarter a lot of these companies
got beat up for saying that they're
going to invest even more in capital
expenditures. I would guess that if they
say that this quarter, they will not be
punished. In fact, I think they will be
celebrated. Let me tell you why. I think
we're going to start seeing a lot of the
revenue start to come through. We're
going to see a lot of the profits start
to show up and materialize for the from
the AI plays outside of simply Nvidia.
We started seeing it last quarter with
Micron and Sandis and all these other
memory companies, but I think you're
going to start seeing this show up with
the cloud companies. And once again, who
do we have reporting this week? Google,
Microsoft, Amazon. So, I think we're
going to start seeing it have its
downstream effects. Now, at some point,
if you think about it, all these
companies who are reporting extreme
amounts of capital expenditures for the
future that got punished, we are now
seeing where that money has been going.
We see it going to Nvidia. We see it
going to Micron, to SanDisk, and I think
we're going to start seeing it show up
in the clouds. This profit will lead to
good earnings for all these companies.
In my opinion, if it leads to good
earnings, this could once again fuel the
continued momentum of the stock market
of these Mac 7 type companies really all
these companies that are huge AI plays
when it comes to the infrastructure side
whether it's energy like Bloom Energy
Memory Sandis Micron Chips Nvidia Intel
or the cloud companies that are hosting
all them Amazon Microsoft Google I think
that they will all benefit from this.
Now the question does remain. We have
seen really big moves in the markets and
was all this being priced in ahead of
time. There's a good chance a lot of
this was priced in ahead of time. And I
would say that the risk is probably 2575
25% that so much of it was priced in
that we have a selloff afterwards even
if it's good earnings. But I would
venture to guess that it's more so that
maybe half of it was priced in and now
the back half we'll see another half of
it get really priced in as we see these
earnings materialize. I think we're
going to start to see this V-shaped
recovery just like we did last year.
I've been talking about this for what 3
weeks now since I called the bottom in
Tesla and the market. So, I think we
continue this so long as these earnings
show up and they show up well. And
again, I don't know how they wouldn't,
especially with all the capex that was
promised last quarter. I think we're
starting to see the results of that this
quarter. So, this week I think is a do
or die one for the market. We either
continue this bull run or we give back
and we continue to sell off. But the
truth is the selloff that we had was
never about anything material. It was
about fear that there was there was a AI
bubble. It was about headline fears with
Iran. It was about headline fears with
Greenland acquisition, Venezuela, all
that stuff, right? So, it was all
headline stuff that have not
materialized actual concerns. We know AI
is real. We know the spending is real.
We know the earnings are real. The Iran
conflict has, if nothing else, settled
down to a stalemate and at least there's
a ceasefire. Sure, oil prices will be
high, but we have lived with these type
of oil prices before. This isn't really
that out of the ordinary. Yeah, we like
lower oil prices, but in general, this
isn't that crazy. And if that wasn't
enough, like I said before, as Wars
comes in, we get a new paradigm when it
comes to the Fed. If you ask me, the
deck is stacked in favor of a bullish
run in the market. And I get that's not
a popular take right now. The popular
take right now is to say, "Hey, we've
gone too far. We need to have a
correction. We need to pull back." Or
there's still other uncertainty and
fear. And also, I get it. There's a lot
of people that still feel like the
market's not representative of the
economy. And to an extent, I agree with
that. But in general, the people who are
investing in the markets are kind of
living in a different world. They have
cash flow. They are feeling profitable
and wealthier because of this market.
And they're the ones that are really
circulating the economy. It's the top,
call it 15, 20% of the of the population
that are really the ones that are
driving this economy forward. And that's
just part of capitalism if we're being
honest with ourselves. We have a
distribution and you have people that
will be on the low side. You'll have
people that will be on the high side and
then it's a battle for the middle. Which
way do you end up? Do you end up closer
to the end of the distribution or the
higher end of the distribution? And
that's what makes the economy in a
capitalist society. I hate to say it,
but it's just part of the game. The
beauty though is that in this country,
you can go from the low side, the low
income side of the distribution curve,
and you can end up on the high end of
the distribution curve. Don't forget
people like Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Gary
Vee, Tony Robbins. You can go on and on.
There's all kinds of people out there
that we all know. But those are just the
famous people. There are even more
people who we don't know who started all
kinds of companies, entrepreneur, or
just even worked at big companies, had
really good careers, and are now
wealthy. This is one of the few
countries that you can literally go from
the low end to the high end in one
lifetime. So, I'm pretty bullish
regardless and I think that there's
still a lot of opportunity out there,
not only for the markets, but for
everyone else, even those who don't feel
like the current market is reflective of
their life and the economy that they're
truly experiencing. Speaking of the
markets, I want to talk real quick about
this past weekend. This past weekend, I
had yet another options crash course.
Dare I say it might have been one of the
best ones that we've had so far. So many
beautiful people, so many talented
people, and so many lovely Tesla
community members. I want to thank
everybody for joining and if anyone
wants to join our next options crash
course, I'll leave the links down below
and we also have our zero day options
course which all those people who took
it are now eligible to take. If you want
to join the slack channel, we also have
that down below. But of course, the
slack channel is for people who have
taken one of the courses previously.
Again, I want to thank everybody. I met
so many people, so many talented,
brilliant people who are about to learn
how to really maximize their
investments, how to become financially
independent, capital efficient, whether
they're trying to retire earlier, have a
better life in retirement, or just
simply trying to make some more income
on top of their portfolio, never having
to sell their Tesla shares, and making
sure that they get the benefit from
their stocks appreciating plus trading
option on top of it in a responsible,
safe, secured, mechanical way. It's just
a beautiful thing. So, if you're
interested in any of that, like I said,
links are down below in the comments.
Let's continue. All right. Now, we got
to talk about Tesla. This was a
interesting past week for Tesla. As we
all know, Tesla had their earnings, and
as you probably heard, I was not happy
with the way they deliver the earnings
report. And my issue with them is that
this is the Achilles heel of Tesla. They
are poor communicators. I'm not sitting
here saying that I know better than
Elon. What I'm doing is I'm pointing out
constructive criticism about a company I
love and a CEO and leadership team that
I genuinely think are the top in the
world. They have one problem. It's
communication. And this communication
error is something that they themselves
have admitted that they're not good at.
Whether it's talking about FSD, the
features of the vehicles, how safe they
are, go on and on. They have never done
a really good job about communicating
that they have the best products in the
entire world. And of course, we see that
continue on the earnings call. It's
almost like they're a bit tonedeaf about
what's happening. Now, you could say
that there's a little strategy to it,
and we'll talk about that in a second,
but my bigger issue is that it's just a
missed opportunity. The missed
opportunity was they had so much good
news to celebrate. That call should have
started off with congrats to the Tesla
team for all the hard work and I want to
congratulate Tesla in general on
starting the production of the Cyber Cab
launching in two new cities not
supervised but unsupervised and doing it
safely. I want to congratulate everybody
for having no incidents with Cyber Cabs
Robo Taxi for the last x amount of
months and you know just just
celebrating the team in general. Yeah,
you could talk about we're gonna expand
capex and there's a way to say it so
that the stock market doesn't freak out.
They could have simply said we are at a
point where everything's aligning. We
feel it's time to press on the
accelerator and to move even further
beyond our competition. So, we are going
to invest heavily to scale this out and
move rapidly. That's a whole different
message than what they gave us. It
almost felt like they were on there just
upset or like they just got reprimanded.
That's what it felt like. Low energy, no
excitement. And again, I get it. People
will tell me, "Hey, this is how they
always are in earnings call." And I I'll
tell you, no, they aren't always like
this. During Tesla's darkest days, they
would come on there and they would have
such good energy, such high
inspirational wording and discussions.
It wasn't always like this. This is new
over the past couple quarters. And I
think a lot of people just forget how
good these earnings calls were not too
long ago. So, I hope that they can kind
of turn this around and really kind of
just amp it up a little bit. Just be a
little more excited. Talk a little bit
more about the future. You don't need to
promise things. I'm not sitting here
saying, "Oh, we get upset with them when
they promise one thing and then they
don't deliver and then we get upset when
they don't guide for anything." That's
not what I'm saying. I'm just saying we
had a really good earnings deck for the
second quarter in a row and they didn't
talk to it. They didn't highlight any of
the really good stuff that was in there
and they didn't talk about it in a way
of passion and excitement and I think
that goes a long way. Again, this is
just my opinion. I still love the
company. I'm not going anywhere. But I
do think that if we are going to be good
investors, we should at least be able to
provide some critical feedback and that
critical feedback can be taken or left.
At the end of the day, I trust Elon. I
trust the leadership team with my
investments, with my money. And they
will do what they do. They're not going
to listen to me. But I'd be remiss if I
didn't make my voice heard. Now, let's
talk about why this could be strategic
and this big divide between the Tesla
community. Let's talk about the the
divide first. There's kind of two
cohorts. You've got one side where
people are really excited about this
potential these rumors about the SpaceX
and Tesla merger. In fact, this this was
discussed once again on the All-In
podcast uh this past weekend where they
essentially said it's a done deal. It's
essentially going to happen. everyone
knows it is, you know, and I kind of
agree where there's smoke and there's a
lot of smoke here, there's fire. And
also, these guys know. It's not like
they don't know. Jason, Chima, David
Sachs, like they know. They're not
idiots. And or unless maybe Elon's
really just not telling them anything.
At the same time, I don't really believe
that because they've been talking about
this from the beginning. If you ask me,
this has been a campaign by Tesla or
Elon in order to make this happen by
slowly getting it out to the right
people, having them talk about it. I
don't think it's coincidence that the
Allen podcast have been talking about
it, I think since December essentially.
So, I think this is all kind of
orchestrated. It's a little chess game.
Kind of float out the idea, get people
used to the idea so that when it's
announced, it's like, okay, yeah, well,
we knew that was going to happen.
Everyone knew it was going to happen and
it's kind of a done deal. Now, that's
one side. You have one side that's
excited about this by the SpaceX and
Tesla potential merger. You know, for
all the good reasons, you know, it's
good for Elon. It streamlines things,
makes things more efficient. We can have
cross collaboration. They already do
that, but it's complicated right now.
There's a lot of entropy and friction in
the process. And then, of course, you
know, just it'd be one big company that,
you know, there's so many synergies that
just makes sense. I get that. Then you
have the other side that says, well, if
Tesla's going to emerge with SpaceX,
then SpaceX should pay a premium for
Tesla because Tesla is literally on the
precipice of rolling out robo taxis
nationwide and scaling as robo taxis as
cyber caps come out off the line. I also
understand that point of view. Why do
some companies get broken up? Well, so
that they could express more value out
of those companies. and merging right
now when Tesla's finally at the point
where they can scale robo taxes, the
thing that so many investors been
waiting years for. Kind of seems a bit
crazy to just not let that play out at
least for a little bit so that we can
get to all-time highs in the stock
market. So, I understand both sides.
Let's go back to the earnings call. Why
do I think this might have been
strategic? Well, clearly they could have
done what I said. They could have said,
"Hey, congrats. Cyber Cab is in
production. We're going to start scaling
this out. Yeah, we're going to go slow
and take it safe, but honestly, our
safety record has been amazing. We've
had x amount of results. We're going to
keep working on that. We want to make
sure we can move gracefully and we don't
want to have any incidences, but we're
so proud of the team. In fact, we're so
proud and we think things are so ready
and we're at the right spot that it is
time for us to increase our capex to
really take advantage of the moment.
They could have said that. They know
they could have said that, but instead
they went with their approach. So, why
would that be strategic? Why would they
do that? Well, part of my thought came
from talking to Alexandra after we got
done with the earnings call. And I
thought there was a really good point
that she had made. Think about it this
way. Right now, you have these two
cohorts. This cohort kind of thinks, I
don't know if I want to do that right
now. SpaceX, they may not be making that
much money. Yeah, they got Starlink, but
like it's not going to be like what
Tesla's going to be. Get that. On the
other hand, the other side says, "Oh my
god, no. Tesla and SpaceX at the same
time. That sounds like amazing. That's
the best company in the world." I get
that, too. So this tension creates an
issue because if this mergers to happen,
guess what? We need votes. So this side
would clearly vote for it, but this side
may be the blocker. So how do you get
this side to not be the blocker? Well,
very simple. If you keep the stock
somewhat suppressed here around 370,
380, 390, heck, say 400. And then the
moment that it's announced, the moment
it's announced that there's a potential
merger and that it's going to be a
merger of equals and we have the price
of SpaceX at whatever it is XYZ and now
Tesla will have to match that price of
as far as valuation and that sends the
stock up to say $500, $550. Do you
really think anyone in this cohort will
vote against this merger if the
announcement of that merger all of a
sudden sent them from $370 per share up
to 550? I don't think so. I think that
would guarantee these people vote or at
least the majority of them do vote for
the merger. Who would dare give up that
huge appreciation that came as a result
of this announcement? So, I kind of
think there might be a little, you know,
four-dimensional chess going on here.
However, maybe this just conspiracy
theory. Maybe this is just something
that, you know, sounds good and would
make us feel good at least for a little
longer. I'm not really sure, but there's
clearly a divide here. I'm curious,
though. What do you think? Let me know
down below in the comments what you