Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Finally Has REAL Robotaxi Competition
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZiCMiQH-DM
Published:   2026-05-22 18:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-22 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla's competitors are making big
moves, and one of them is an absolute
gamecher. First, Chinese automaker just
announced that their own version of a
mass-produced robo taxi has now rolled
off the production line. We finally have
a second company other than Tesla, who's
building and producing a vehicle
designed specifically as a robo taxi.
Shaong's Robbo taxi is a six-seater SUV
and similar to Tesla. It's pure vision
only with their own version of FSD which
they call VLA and it's powered by their
own AI chip called the Touring chip and
3000 tops compute. We'll do a deep dive
on this today. Saken Toyota just
announced their plans to build a new $2
billion assembly plant next to its
current truck plant in Texas. And Nissan
is looking to use a joint venture with
Chinese partner Dongfang Motor Group to
export cars into Canada. It seems
automakers are finding ways to stay in a
North American market. And finally, Ford
has announced they've signed a 5-year
deal to supply up to 20 gawatt hours of
energy storage capacity to a power
developer. Ford's energy division just
made their first move. We got Brian
White here with us today. He's one of
our only true Tesla journalists. Check
out his YouTube channel, Futurazza, for
exclusive on the ground factory tours
and interviews. And one of those
exclusive factory tours and interviews
was Shiao. He actually interviewed
Shaang, the CEO. He actually toured and
tested out the robo taxi there, or not
the robo taxi, but at least their
version of full self-driving. So, this
is perfect for you, Brian. Appreciate
you joining me today.
&gt;&gt; It's very exciting. It's a product that
Elon said, I want people to copy me. Uh
the engineers at Chia Punk said, "Hey,
man, if you say so." And they uh looked
at the approach and they modeled it to
the best of their ability. And the big
thing is just like Tesla, the consumer
version of FSD, the VA, the vehicle
language action, uh their software, it's
the same software that goes in the robo
taxi. So while I haven't experienced the
robo taxi myself, it was uh not on road
testing while I was there. Uh I have
been behind the wheel of the Xiaoong P7
while it was driving itself, while I was
busy not doing anything. Uh so it's the
approach looks good. Let's get into it.
&gt;&gt; What I love about Shopong and I think we
you agree with me that of all the
companies out there, Shopong is probably
the second to Tesla because as you said
they copied them. They they they went
neural net early. They went vision only.
They have their own AI chip called the
Turing chip. They have their own
supercomputer. Um and um they're and the
compute in the car is their own
inference computing the car as well. So
they they really have been copying Tesla
as much as they can. Now they're behind.
They admit themselves that they're
probably a couple years behind. You
tested it. So we'll go and talk to you
about that. But this is the first big
news because I've been asking this
question for so long now. When why
haven't we heard any other car company
out there announce even a prototype of a
robo taxi first vehicle
&gt;&gt; and uh we finally got one. This is it.
You know, I mean, yes, we've got the
zuks, right? We know that, you know,
Whimo, but that's not a car that is robo
taxi first. They take any normal vehicle
and then they slap on a bunch of things
on it and they call it the day. This is
a robo taxi first design. Now, just to
be clear, this G,
&gt;&gt; what is it? A GX GX
&gt;&gt; is actually a regular car that they sell
and then they did remove things. So,
they call it robo taxi first, but still
a little bit different. Um, it's they
call it the first mass-produced level
four robo taxi rolls off the production
line. Massive 3,000 tops compute in the
car, which is actually very good. It's
comparatively to the uh hardware 3 AI4
cars we have, it's much less than that,
but maybe you don't need it, right? So,
let's take a look. First massproduced
vehicle officially rolls off the line.
They they had this very uh uh beautiful
launch and then they've got the they're
really emphasizing the 30,000 tops
compute that the cars has a computing
power world's highest invehicle
effective computing power that's the
thing that they're doing himself said
the future of physical AI just rolled
off the line proud to share that first
robo taxi model has started mass
production Guangjo 6 months after we
unveiled the plan at AI day last
November
Powered by four in-house developed
touring chips, four, not just two, VA
2.0 system and 30,000 tops compute, the
robo taxi model built on our six-seater
flagship SUV GX is also China's first
mass-produced robo taxi featuring pure
vision steer bywire chases and
pre-installed full redundancy. Pilot
operations begin in the second half of
2026. See you on the road. Um, this is
the beautiful photo and then they shared
this video here of
uh the cars driving around
&gt;&gt; presumably, you know.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, they still have steering wheels, but
that's they're calling them their robo
taxi vehicle
&gt;&gt; because it's level four and not level
five. Level five is when you get rid of
the wheel. Uh, these are uh so to put
3,000 tops into perspective, hardware
four has about 500 tops. Um, hardware
three had 144. So, in terms of compute,
these are probably not constrained. Uh,
if they're using the full 3,000 tops,
I'd be awfully curious to know what the
what the hit to your range is because
that's a lot of juice. These are uh the
idea is that these have a tremendous
cost advantage over anything else. And
as you can see, it is a car. They didn't
add on all the goofy stuff to make it
somehow different. Um, the cost to add
all of the extra kit to a Whimo is
likely
50,000 or more. Let's say you could get
it to 30,000. And I believe Whimo can.
This car is $28,000.
So, this entire car costs less than just
Whimo's upfit. So, I don't know how
Legacy Auto intends to compete with
something like this. And you can go back
and watch my videos. I've got a handful
of them now experiencing VA 2.0 myself.
And uh they are sufficiently favorable
that I've had people say, "Oh, you
clearly got paid by them." Okay. Well, I
don't know if you saw when I interviewed
him, but my question was David Moss just
went coast to coast hands-free. When are
you going to cross the entirety of
China? And he was like, "Uh, okay. It's
it's going to be a few years." That's
not the kind of question you ask when
you're being paid to ask a question. Uh
so, uh I just get offended by that. I'm
not an influencer. I'm an analyst.
Influencers have a price tag. Uh I just
have bills.
Um first of all, let's let's let's break
this down. Uh there's some incredible
things here, right? So, this is an
existing GX card that they have that
they're selling to consumers. It's
gorgeous, by the way.
&gt;&gt; So, I will looks great.
&gt;&gt; Yes. We'll pause right there because
&gt;&gt; they haven't sold it yet.
&gt;&gt; They haven't sold. It's a new vehicle
that was designed with this exact thing
in mind. We want something that we can
sell to consumers so that we have the
scale to bring the price down.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; That is also robo taxi ready. Continue.
&gt;&gt; One of the beautiful soap
is uh I think the company that you
should watch out for because they've
copied everything Tesla's done. Neural
net vision only. like you said, they
don't have to throw anything on this
because they could they they built the
car to be that their VA is two years
behind, but because or whatever, I don't
know, whatever. You know, it's a certain
older version of FS. They they
themselves have said they're not better
than than Tesla. Okay?
&gt;&gt; And uh but they're so smart. What they
did was is that they're offering their
VA, which is Tesla's FSD, for free. So
any customer who's using all of their
cars, buying their cars, gets their
version of FSD for free so that they get
the data
&gt;&gt; so that they will have 500,000 cars out
there. They're selling these things
doing well by the way and they get
enough data because they know that you
need the more data you get the better
you can solve this whole issue of the
March of Nines. So, anybody who says,
"Oh, you know, I can just throw out uh,
you know, Nvidia's Al Pamo and we're
good. We're got we're done." No, you
have to have a million cars out there to
even get to 90 plus%. And then you want
to add more to be able to get you need
10 billion miles to get to the nine, you
know, to the N, right? But that's
brilliant that they're giving it away
free because they're not trying to make
money there. They need the data.
&gt;&gt; Yes. So the most uh premium FSD level
has, you know, things like summon and
all that. That does cost a little extra,
but the what we would call supervised
FSD here is free. And what that does is
gets you more data. The data is richer
because in China, all driving is edge
cases. I promise you, it's chaotic and
scary on the roads. I've done it. I did
not care for it. And if you're looking
at I've had a number of people say, "Ah,
didn't they steal Tesla's FSD software
neural nets is not something you can
steal. There was an engineer who left
Tesla and may have taken a copy of the
code, but the code was examined
independently by a third party and it
was had no code in common. So if if that
engineer did take it, it didn't get to
to Xiaoang. So that's not a thing. And
if you know how neural nets work, you
know that you can't steal neural nets.
It has to be
&gt;&gt; it has to be updated. I mean, you would
not be able to update it. It would be
frozen in time and that was down a dead
end. Ignore all that.
&gt;&gt; So, they've got this uh system that's
actually working. You can see it's
simple. They're not saying, "Let's add
more LAR. Let's add more C. We've seen
there's a company that says we've got a
real level four car you can buy today,
level five, I think, and it's got 30
microphones and 30 C." It's like, what
do you Well, that's that's too much. If
the car is all compute and sensor at
that point, there's no room left for the
seats. So, I don't know what they're
doing with that. And yeah, this approach
looks promising. The big thing that they
have that they have already published is
the software developer kit. If you want,
if your plan is to put this on your car
in the future to manufacture it into
your product line, the kit's already
there. You can begin developing it
today. So they might be the uh the
licensing partner for other Chinese
automakers. Uh that's what they're
positioning themselves at. So I wanted
to be clear with the Chinese um
automakers because you know for so long
the the narrative has been China is so
much better and many of them will come
come out and say we are better than
Tesla. We are we you know Kevin you not
see our cars driving around. We got robo
taxis already out here. We're so far
ahead. Lee Auto C uh the the auto uh
drive the guy in charge of autonomous
driving for Lee Auto in a interview he
just said this he said we've
consistently acknowledged Tesla FSD as
the benchmark. What I do want to
criticize is the constant claim from
some people that they've already
surpassed Tesla when in reality the gap
is still enormous. The only reason that
they dare say that is because Tesla FSE
hasn't been fully entered the Chinese
market yet. Once it truly rolls out,
they'll be completely exposed. It'll be
like the emperor's new clothes being
stripped away in public. Thank you. So,
now we're finally, you know, people are
being a little bit honest. Shop is
honest, right? They came out, he he they
have a Silicon Valley office. He came
out here. He tested FSD and they said
FSD is way ahead of us, but we're we
think we can get there by the end of
this year. We're going to do our best.
They had a bet with the the autonomous
department head guy. If you don't do it,
you have to run naked around whatever.
&gt;&gt; Cross the golden gauge.
&gt;&gt; He's he's funny, right? He's very funny.
But um I mean, at least they Come on,
guys. Don't stop trying to position
other car companies better. Uh but they
will. But the one company that could
catch up, I think, is Shop. Gorgeous
car, by the way. Um
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And what what is this? Did you see this?
This is like looks like inside what? I
don't know what this is, actually. What
is this? Yes, that's inside one of the
flying cars. It's not a flying car. It's
a drone.
&gt;&gt; I see.
&gt;&gt; You see the propeller with the arms up
above it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I thought maybe that's how they
drive the self-driving car or something
like that.
&gt;&gt; No. No. It would be cool. And Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, it's a great car though, right? Have
Did you actually see this one? The GX.
It's a They went SUV, which that means
the price can't go down as as as high as
low as they can do. The cyber cab,
&gt;&gt; right? for sure. This is a six-seater
that is $28,000.
Their cost is is what I imagine. Uh I I
don't think it would be 28,000 retail,
but it could. Uh the uh car that I drove
was the P7. It's their Model S type car.
It's 32,000 fully loaded. Uh so they do
have manufacturing efficiencies that are
working. It's not just the vision only.
It's not just the in-house chips. They
have giga castings. They have structural
batteries. They've copied all the
lessons that you would hope that your
company would uh learn from Tesla. Um I
don't know if I was in the GX, but I've
been in other vehicles they make that
are this shape. You've got I mean, look
at that. That's great. And you've got uh
massaging seats. You've got, you can see
there, that wasn't just inductive
chargers, but they also had little fans
on them to cool the
&gt;&gt; to not toast your phone.
&gt;&gt; I don't think I was in that one cuz
that's got dimming windows.
&gt;&gt; What's the quality like, Brian? Are
these It looks great. So, these guys
build good cars.
&gt;&gt; They're all exceptional. When you get
in, you will be uh impressed by the
build quality. And then I went to a used
car lot to check out the real quality.
you know, the two, three, four years
from now quality and it all held up.
Very few squeaks and rattles. Um, it all
looked good. There was no peeling, no,
you know, missing trims and all that.
The quality has caught up uh to people
saying, "Well, China just makes junk."
They can make junk. If you only shop on
Teeu, I can see why you would have that
opinion of Chinese manufacturing. But
the reality is they also make iPhones.
Uh if someone went to you and said, "Oh,
you got an iPhone. How's that Chinese
quality treating you?" You would assume
that they'd escaped from a mental
hospital.
And they probably did.
&gt;&gt; So the good quality. Now my guess though
is is that if they are using the
existing, you know, it doesn't make
sense to have a royal taxi that's an SUV
succeeder. Doesn't make sense.
&gt;&gt; But they're doing it because it's an
existing car and then they're going to
convert it to become a robo taxi, which
means that they're not Yes. It's great
that they have the first robo taxi, but
it's not the first robo taxi designed
vehicle.
&gt;&gt; I would agree with you on that.
&gt;&gt; They took a normal car, which means that
they're not 100% commit u convinced that
they will actually get to robo taxi
service anytime soon. If they were,
they'd do what Tesla's doing. Factories
built specifically for robo taxi and
betting the farm on this.
&gt;&gt; I agree with you entirely. They are
confident they have an approach that
works. They are not confident they have
an approach that works in the next 24
months. If it's going to take more than
24 months, do not make a bespoke car
just for this purpose. You'll have all
the time in the world to do that in the
future. What we need is to get enough
units out on the road. They're in their
Whimo iPace phase where it's time to get
them out, get them running, get them
tested and validated, and if it costs a
little bit more, it's fine. 28,000
that's fine. But when they switch to
something the size of a cyber cab, I'll
be surprised if it costs more than
12,000 for them to build something of
that size and that quality, it'll reach
a point where your largest expense by
far is no longer the battery. It's
probably already the biggest expense is
the compute because that is a lot of
processing power. And having 3,000 tops
in the car means you've got headroom to
have more complicated compute while you
still are getting it dialed in.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's curious why they went that
route, by the way. So, you you you
mentioned it earlier that hardware 4 AI
Tesla's AI4 is 500 tops.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And these guys are 3,000 tops.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Nvidia's current drive Thor
platform is a thousand tops.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. So you know like you have to ask
yourself question why are they doing
this now it could look like oh they are
leading they're the edge or it could be
that they're they haven't solved the
problem that Tesla has which is use as
little amount of inference required to
get the job done and as opposed to you
know crunching so much data like they
they put more of the compute into the
car
&gt;&gt; so they need that much I don't know I
I'm not a a compute guy so I need to
understand this but it Because like
other they people go, "Oh my god, they
are they got the better one. You must
need 30,000 and therefore Tesla's
nowhere near." Or maybe there's a reason
why they had to,
&gt;&gt; you know, get you remember when digital
cameras were new and exciting and each
manufacturer would say, "Oo, ours has
five megapixels, seven megapixels." That
doesn't mean it's better. That just
means it has a a denser sensor
hopefully. In this case, it is the qu
this the approach is we need enough
compute to take us over the edge. The
problem is we don't know where the
edges. So, we're going to overbuild it,
solve it, and then we can scale it back.
&gt;&gt; And if for some reason this does turn
out to be 10 times harder than we
thought, we've still got enough compute
on board. We don't have to go back and
retrofit or upset customers like
literally everyone has in the space so
far where they said h this should be 150
tops should be enough. We now realize
150 tops is not enough. So they yeah so
overbuild it. We'll we'll if we're
running a less efficient model we can
get away with it while we get it solved
and then pair pair back from there.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Good. And and by the way, because
they own their own, it's their own
touring trip. I'm That's great. They put
four in there. They they 6,000 tops,
3,000 tops. Great. They own it. They own
it. Versus um you know, other companies
who buy it from Nvidia. Good luck. How
much money Whimo's going to spend if
they try to do something similar?
&gt;&gt; Do you want one sizefits-all or would
you like your suit tailored? Both will
work. One of them's going to be a little
bit nicer than the other, even if it's
more expensive.
&gt;&gt; I think I'm going to take back what I
said a little bit earlier, though. I
said that this is, you know, I've been
waiting for so long for a manufacturer
to claim to actually have a robo taxi
first designed vehicle. This is not a
robo taxi first designed vehicle.
&gt;&gt; I agree with I got tricked by their
headline.
&gt;&gt; Well, I don't know whose headline it
was. It might not have been Oh, it was
them saying that. They did say that.
&gt;&gt; I got tricked by it. It's not it is a it
is a vehicle that is going to be off the
production line that's going to be used
for robo taxi but it's not a robo taxi
first designed vehicle they just vehicle
they they'll take out the but they did
steer by wire so they can just remove
the steering wheel at will
&gt;&gt; what I would say is the problem with
Whimo's approach is it is a car plus
plus and the beauty of solution is it is
a car minus
&gt;&gt; minus they They're taking the car,
they're removing some elements that
don't need to be there to simplify it,
to reduce cost, to make it perhaps
easier to clean or maintain. And there
you go. They've got a solution that
works. But
&gt;&gt; but it's Yeah, it's it's like what
Tesla's done. They could they could have
said, "Hey, the cyber cap was steered by
wire. We can just take off the wheel
steering wheel and pedals. No biggie."
And it they're good to go. It's a
&gt;&gt; robo taxi. They also said, uh, right,
but that wouldn't compete with this
because this is level four. It still has
a wheel. They said mass-produce level
four. So, they're really threading the
needle there.
&gt;&gt; I got tricked a couple times.
&gt;&gt; In Guangjo, when we went by the mall, I
don't know if it showed up in my footage
or not because it wasn't part of it. We
just saw it. The mall has a shuttle that
runs around from, you know, wherever to
wherever. And it looks like a a very
large zuks. It's a square
multi-passenger van that doesn't have a
driver. It just goes from stop to stop
on on a on a loop. It's an open loop.
It's an open space. It can go around
stopped vehicles. It's not on rails, but
it is a predetermined map. And we don't
that doesn't make the news here. It's
like it's just so common. It's so uh
everybody's working on this in China.
The other thing to note is that China
put a uh restriction on new uh robo taxi
testing licenses and expansion of
existing testing licenses because there
was a situation where cars end up ended
up stranded. There was a I assume a cell
tower outage and the cars were trapped
were stuck on the road.
&gt;&gt; Xiaoang got their permits in before
that. They are not affected by this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a good reminder. By the
way, people may not know this, but in
China, their robo taxi services are
struggling big time because
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; they had the same Whimo issue where lots
of thousands hundreds of cars were just,
&gt;&gt; you know, stuck,
&gt;&gt; abandoned, stuck just because of some
sort of uh network outage.
&gt;&gt; And then they also have had accidents
now. Huawei
hit a child.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; that was Yeah, that was FSD though, not
Robo Taxi. But still, I would argue
that's worse because someone's behind
the wheel. you're supposed to be paying
attention
&gt;&gt; and Huawei hasn't gone to neuronetss yet
and it is going to catch up with them
because
&gt;&gt; you can't code for every eventuality at
some point. You must use the force,
Luke.
&gt;&gt; Use the force. All right, a couple
stories here. Brian, uh Toyota is
building a $2 billion assembly plant
adjacent to its current Texas truck
plant. Construction starts as early as
this year. What do you know about this
project Orca? Yeah, it's next to their
Toyota Tundra plant, their their truck
plant, and it is uh uh just an
expansion. It's going to be building
hybrids, of course. It's not going to be
building BEVs. It's going to add
something like 2,000 jobs. Uh and it
makes sense. Toyota's always looked for
localized production whenever they can.
Uh Toyota and Honda are both uh among
the most Americanmade cars in America.
uh because they do localized production
and yeah that's about all I know about
it
&gt;&gt; and then Nissan look what they did and
this is the argument that people are
making if the Chinese uh automakers want
to make find a way to get to Europe to
North America they can find a way
&gt;&gt; now Canada made a deal with China where
they're allowing a small number of cars
I don't remember how many 67,000 or
something that not not
&gt;&gt; 49,000
&gt;&gt; 49,000 and increasing each year for I
think eight years.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Gotcha. Thank you. Uh that of
Chinese cars, Chinese-made cars can be
sold in Canada. Well, Nissan found a way
by using their joint venture. They have
a joint venture with Dongfang Motor
Group. And now they're uh you know,
there's a way for you to get it in
there. And the company's already
targeted Brazil and Mexico for these
joint venture exports to China with a
plan to ramp up to 100,000 units shortly
and another 300,000 pound for North
Latin America. So, so it will export to
the Americas this N7 electric sedan and
the Frontier Pro pickup truck.
&gt;&gt; Wow. So, that's uh exciting and great, I
guess. So, Nissan is one of those
companies that partnered with the
Chinese company said, "Here's our
design. Please build it." And it wasn't
successful. So, what they did is said,
"Okay, how about you design something
and you just put this sticker on it when
you're done that says Nissan?" And
that's more successful. Uh when you buy
a Toyota electric car in China, it looks
like a Toyota. It drives like a Toyota,
but underneath the skin, it is a GIC. It
is not a Toyota. Uh this is that this is
part of that extension. So the way it
works in Canada is up to 49,000 this
year, increasing to I think 60,000ish,
55,000, something like that in coming
years. And as long as half of your cars
coming in have a import price under I
think it was 35 or 39,000 Canadian,
then you can sell the other half at any
price. And that's not the customer
price, that's the import price. So all
these Model 3s that are being sold in
Canada are under that import price,
which means they get to bring in an
equal number of of Model 3s that are of
the long range uh the all-wheel drive
and the performance version. They're all
the premium ones. They're not bringing
in the economy ones, but the premium
ones. So, what it looks like Nissan is
doing is saying, "Okay, we're going to
bring in half of that economy sedan and
half of the truck that has margin. Uh,
and that will get their foot in the
door." And those are Chinese cars.
Ignore the logo on it. That's a Chinese
car.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. That's a point, isn't it? You
can basically
&gt;&gt; the the limiting factor at this point is
do you have a distribution network? and
Nissan does where BYYD doesn't. They
have to build it. They're planning to.
They're already taking the steps to
build it, but look at all there are 100
Chinese manufacturers who would love to
flood into the market, but they don't
have service centers. They don't have
distribution. They don't have a way to
uh work on warranty repairs, let alone
any repairs. You have to build that out
and it takes time. Nissan can pounce.
&gt;&gt; Tremendous amount of knowledge there you
just shared. Thank you, Brian. Uh Ford
Energy. So Ford, you can explain what
happened here, but basically they pulled
back on electric vehicles. So they got
stuck with a bunch of batteries and they
go, "Hey, we got a Ford energy business
now and we're going to sell this
&gt;&gt; as their version of mega packs." They
signed a 5-year deal to supply up to 20
gawatt hours of storage capacity to this
company called EDF.
&gt;&gt; EDF will can procure up to 4 gawatts of
DC block battery energy storage system
from the car makers unit, Ford Energy.
So they made their first sale
Yes. So, what happened is Ford was I
don't think it was because they had a
surplus of batteries. We've seen other
manufacturers just write it down and
call it a day.
&gt;&gt; Well, they had a factory, didn't they,
that they decided to
&gt;&gt; Yes. But I mean, the rest of the
division, they just wrote down. What
they saw was that cars have a 5% margin
and energy has a huge margin. If you're
Tesla, you are not Tesla. If you want to
find out what this really is, it's
people say, "I know what it is. It's
just a a LG battery uh built, you know,
with Ford labeling." No, it's worse.
It's manufactured under license. And I
don't remember if it's for if it's LG or
CL. I think it's a CL battery. It's not
a CL battery. It's a CATL design
licensed to Ford for them to manufacture
it. That's worse on every level. That's
worse. So, I don't know what kind of
reliability issues these will face. And
while Ford could say, "Well, we're going
to we're going to compete with Tesla."
My question is, are you? Because I I
don't know if you can. Tesla's already
got this welloiled machine manufacturing
these in already two locations, soon to
be three around the world. They've sold
so many gawatt hours of storage, and
you're just getting your toes in the
water. Good for them. We do need more of
these. I just lack confidence in their
ability to safely execute on this a
fairly dangerous product if handled
poorly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I have a I have a bad feeling
about this. Uh but they they have they
had no choice. They needed to move and
expand to other businesses.
&gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Brian. That was
great. Appreciate you as always. Check
out his uh channel because he did huge
deep dives on Sha Pong. They are the
company you need to understand and
better follow. He drove their cars in
China. He was invited specifically by
Xiaoang. Uh VIP. They paid for
everything. Brought you there. Got you
to do a uh but again not uh you you were
not kind.
&gt;&gt; They they paid for the air. They paid
for the airfare and some of the hotel.
&gt;&gt; But you were very honest in your review.
but also you you're pretty positive
about what they've done because they've
they really are the second I believe
next to Tesla. Thank you so much Brian.
Check out his channel Futurosa. I've
created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.