Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Inside Malibu Boats: How America's Top Boats Are Designed and Built | Steven Menneto - CEO Interview
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7MMMnkQdXU
Published:   2026-07-20 15:35 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-20 16:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Okay. Hi everybody. My name is Jason
Hill. I lead our business and customer
team at Monroin Associates. And I'm
really excited today to talk about
something a little different and talk
with somebody who's doing some really
cool things in a field that we haven't
spoken about a lot in the past or or
dived into.
My guest today is Steve Manetto. He's
the CEO of Malibu Boats. Malibu Boats
has a a broad portfolio of a range of
boats from Malibu Boats themselves,
Cobalt, Axis, Wake Boats, Pursuit Sport
Fishing Boats, and most recently Saxto
luxury yachts. So really interested to
learn more about how they're doing the
work at Malibu to make these boats more
accessible, add more value, and excited
to to have you on the podcast, Steve.
Welcome.
&gt;&gt; Thanks for having me, Jason. Appreciate
it.
Yeah, I mean we've spent a lot of time
diving into automotive things over the
years, electric vehicles, uh new
technologies that are in the mobility
space. Uh we haven't spoken a lot about
boats and what people are doing in the
marine industry to to do all the things
that that have made boats so much more
accessible, exciting, value added range
of of features that that really 20 years
ago seem next generation already. um
what can you share with us about each of
the boat brands and how would you like
to to introduce um all of the the models
that that we're going to talk about
today?
&gt;&gt; Sure. So, Malibu Boats like you started
to say is is consists of nine brands.
So, we have Malibu and Axis in our
toeboats. Cobalts are runabout and
runabout surf. Uh we have Pursuit which
is that luxury fish. Then we have
actually four more brands. Pathfinder,
Cobia, Hughes, and Maverick, which is
more in that technical fish bayboat uh
kind of use. And then most recently, as
of March 2nd, we added Sax Door Yachts,
which is that a venture dayboating uh
that is manufactured over in Larsmo uh
Finland and Elk Poland. So, we have
manufacturing in the States in Fort
Pierce, Florida for our fishing uh
boats. We have manufacturing in in uh
around Knoxville, Tennessee uh for our
fiberglass boats and then another plant
in the OA Kansas. So uh we have varying
degrees. Sax door has been making boats
for the last six years where Cobalt and
and uh Malibu brands have been 40 to 50
years uh in the marketplace. So it
really spans a a uh a pretty rich
history of great boat making. and I just
came to the company 18 months ago.
Excited to be here. Uh before I had a
career that spanned 27 years in the
powersports industry. So I was uh I was
working on off-road vehicles,
snowmobiles, uh I brought the Indian
motorcycle uh franchise back uh from
being dormant and uh had some some fun
on two wheels, four wheels, and now
we're going to go, you know, play in the
boating industry, which I've been a
boater my full life. And uh it's it's
really an exciting industry uh really
starting with the customer
and the the desire and the passion for
boating is always there and as a company
we really strive to be able to fulfill
those passions and make boating more
accessible, easier and more fun for our
consumers.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's really an amazing portfolio.
I think as we were preparing to speak
with you and learning all of the the
products that are out there and all of
the the brands that are under the
company's umbrella
really what what struck me is it's it's
all in the premium segment for the most
part. I think you know your customers
have expected top value but also top
performance and and top quality. And so
you've been at the front end of that
development. I mean 30 or 40 years ago I
think there were a lot of uh I would say
accepted things about boats that that
wouldn't survive in the the auto
industry. So when you compare the type
of fit and finish, but but when you look
at a boat today, it's it's it's amazing.
The quality, the the the touch, the
feel, the perceived quality of
everything, it's it's in another world.
And I think the brands that are in in
your company's portfolio are really some
of the best examples of those. So I'm
curious to learn how you're leveraging
the the platforms and and how you're um
moving the technology forward and and
sharing the value of those things across
such a wide range of of parts, even
within Malibu itself. I mean, what
started as the most respected skiing
boat for slalom skiing where the the
idea is to make as little as wake as
possible and provide a a water skier
with the best experience to where now
you have the the same portfolio covering
the exact opposite in terms of
functionality and how the boats are
used. So, how do you balance all those
things and make it work? I'm I'm just
really interested to find out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, let's let's kind of we'll we'll
start there on the product itself on
Malibu is a great place to start. You're
right. We made and still do make great
water ski boats where we're trying to
keep that weight down and some, you
know, smooth behind the boat. It all
starts with fun behind the boat. So,
let's start there in our technology. If
you think about what really catapulted
Malibu was moving from just being a a
water ski boat to adding this wakeboard
surf opportunity. And we were the first
one to come to market with technology
called surfgate where you actually have,
you know, gates that come off the boat,
create a wave that is enjoyable for
people to wake surf or just normal surf
or wakeboard or surf. And uh really what
they, you know, we started with that in
early on in 2012
13 and it really shook the market. It
was just the next level of fun behind
the boat. And then you just continue to
think about technology and how do you
progress that technology? How do you
make it easier for consumers? So now you
marry that with kind of what we call
dynamic wave technology where you have
the gates, you have the power wedge that
creates a deeper uh wake behind the
boat. And then you have your screen on
the boat, Jason, where you could come on
and you press one boat, one button, and
the boat will configure and set up the
way you wanted it. Are you right side,
goofy side, what size wake do you want?
What speed boat do you want? You know,
what speed do you want the boat at? All
those things, just simple on a screen,
one. So, we've made that dynamic wave
technology just so cool about our boats
and it's really catapulted our growth
and share over over the last 10 years.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think the the the accessibility
and the access to the the the user
screens, the the touchcreens, the
technology that integrates it, the the
the controllers that operate all those
different systems and give the the users
and the the riders the experience um
that I think it would blow people's
minds if they compared it to what was
out there 25 years ago. But the
flexibility to go from one to the next.
I mean, you mentioned goofy food. Goofy
goofy foot. Um, for for people that
don't know, goofy foot is if you if you
use the the less common foot forward
when you're wakes wake surfing or or
wake boarding. And I guess if it's right
or wrong, some people decided it was
wrong and they say it's goofy foot if
you're in the minority. But, uh, happen
to be one of those guys. So, I followed
you. But, you're right. The the wake
should be different for for one side of
the boat or the other depending on what
you want. So, it's pretty cool that you
can just with a push of a button
configure that for the next rider and
and when that person's been back there
long enough and they need a a break, you
can you can switch it up for somebody
else.
&gt;&gt; It's literally that, right? You step
off, you know, you you hop back in the
boat, you push the next button for,
let's say, Jane to ride and the boat
reconfigures the Jane. Just one push.
So, it's it's great.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And looking back at what you've
done in that space as well at about the
same time it seems like you decided to
become more vertically orient uh
integrated more vertically integrated
with the types of subsystems components
that make wake surfing accessible that
that make it um easy to to manage on the
boat integrate it with the rest of the
boat. Um so I think you you were at the
I would say the beginning of the
vertical integration trend in that
regard as well too. Is that right?
&gt;&gt; That is true. up to on Malibu in
particular, we're almost up to 40%
vertically integrated in in our
components of our boat. So, we make our
own, you know, uh, towers. We make our
own engine, the monsoon engine, you
know, we start and marinize blocks and
and so forth, so we can control, you
know, how that boat runs, what the what
the effect of that engine is on the boat
and and really make sure that that is in
harmony with what we're doing with the
other technology, our dynamic wave
technology and so forth. We do our own
flooring, our own wiring harnesses. Um
we uh we've attacked for multiple
reasons. We all learned a pretty strong
lessons during COVID about, you know,
supply chain resiliency. Um and so some
of this was we were trying to control
the technology in our boat and the
experience in our boat. And then as we
moved through COVID then there was the
we also added more vertical integration
to protect the resiliency of our supply
chain and to be able to continue to
manufacture boats in a pretty tough
period. So uh
&gt;&gt; out of both those knees we we became you
know pretty pretty the the leader in
vertical integration in our space. Yeah,
I mean you're speaking our language when
you start to talk about those sort of
things. And here at Monroe, we've we've
helped customers integrate their design
and manufacturing process early enough
to to to really capture the value of
what happens when you do that at the
right stage and you can avoid waste or
you can combine efficiencies in the
designs and the manufacturing. And it
was really interesting to learn that
Malibu's been doing that for some time
because I think the boating industry for
some time was a a bit of a wild west of
of accessory makers and and component
makers and hull makers and everything
came together in different ways but not
necessarily from a I would say strategic
perspective and and you at Malibu Boats
and if you look through the portfolio
and the results it looks like you've
you've leveraged that potential better
than a lot of the market has.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and don't get me wrong, too.
We continue to work with great suppliers
and great partners, you know, like some
of our powertrain partners and and and
uh you know, you think about lighting
and and sound and all the different
things we can do. But to your point, you
have to work in concert to make sure
they integrate well as as your audience
would know on making product. And that's
always kind of that special sauce is how
does each brand integrate what you do
internally as well as what you get from
suppliers and bring that best package
together for the consumer and get those
consumer insights and really drive that
next product innovation through consumer
insights.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the customer first I think so many
things get sorted out when you know what
your customer is looking for, what the
expectations are, what the feedback is
when you respond to it appropriately. um
and very clearly is the the path to
success, especially in a discretionary
income type uh spend. I mean, if if
somebody wants to spend money on a boat,
they're going to look for the the best
thing that they can buy with that money.
And there's not going to be a tolerance
for well, this is just, you know, boats
aren't commuter cars. Nobody's taking
these to work. They're not appliances.
They're strictly for fun. And somebody
wants uh I think all those things to be
as as high value as they can afford to
spend. and if you've got an option that
makes sense uh that they're happy to uh
to enjoy the technology when it's made
available. You you touched on the the
Monsoon engine program. I I think that's
one of the most interesting things about
your boat portfolio is that you do
produce your own engines inhouse. I
think so much of the industry relies on
the major two partners for for those
things uh where it concerns stern drives
and inboards. Uh but but you took the
decision some years ago at Malibu to go
in-house with that and I think it's been
to your advantage and you use the
General Motors uh small block engine
program as the basis which is got a rock
solid reputation. Some of our team was
just in their performance center earlier
this week and they had a really nice
display showing the history of those V8
engines by the way. So um I think the
reputation speaks for itself when you
start to talk about the core of that.
But then you take it and you adapt it
for marine applications which are really
unique and do have different
requirements compared to passenger car
applications. Can you tell us a little
bit more about how you prioritize the
development work there and what it is
you're trying to achieve when you adapt
the engines for your own products?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so we we really spend a lot of
time on how do we we we call it marinize
the engine, right? So we do start with
the GM small block and uh been a great
supplier of ours for for some time and
uh so we start with that and really what
it again goes back to is what are we
looking for in horsepower and kind of
the common things you think about right
if you're selling a boat in in Colorado
at at ele elevation you know are you
making sure that you're you know you're
not your loss of horsepower it doesn't
degrade as much right can can the boat
operate um at at elevation can the boat
operate uh sound quality you all the NVH
that you can think about, noise,
vibration, harshness that you can think
about that goes into making an engine.
And then really when it gets to is
performance, right? When you start
trying to push water and the efficiency
of the of the uh fluid dynamics of that,
you know, that engine has to be, you
know, really tuned in and it's and it's
um how we dial in the calibrations to
make sure that we're getting clean
takeoff. uh when you think about you're
creating a wave or you're pulling a
water sphere, you do not want to have
hesitation. You do not want to have
someone who's going to not have a great
experience behind the boat. So, you
think about the the calibrations that
have to go into making sure on on, you
know, you know, hitting the throttle and
taking off. You got a great contact,
great connection to the water, and then
you're you're taking off. And then when
you're, you know, wide open throttle,
you know, the boat's responding the way
it wants or when you're under, you know,
somebody wants to surf at a different
speed, your engine's there to create the
best experiences possible. So the the
team does a lot of on the water testing
for calibrations and making sure we got,
you know, reliability, durability, and
uh making sure that we're we're putting
the best product in market for to
satisfy our customers and really have
that wow experience.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I can't imagine the whole shot
of a 6.2 L supercharged engine. I've
been behind some pretty nice setups, but
I mean, that's got to be instantaneous
and it's it's got to be a really nice
smooth power delivery right up to the
cruise speed. So, um I'm curious as
well. So, the the engine factory, is it
nearby? Is it the same complex as where
you assemble the boats as well?
&gt;&gt; Sits right in, uh right adjacent to our
uh our assembly line in for
manufacturing. So, you know, that is an
offline manu.
So, we have one piece flow in our boat
manufacturing plant literally across the
street as our engine plant. So, we've
you know, pokey that and kind of brought
that in and making sure that we're
delivering that as needed.
Yeah, you touched on the one piece flow
for your boat assembly, which I'm
intrigued about as well. I think
everybody has the idea that these come
together in a sort of kit fashion or
sort of old-fashioned process, but what
I understand about your one piece flow
process is it's a lot more akin to an
automotive assembly line than than maybe
people would assume.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's uh the line is the the the uh
coming from an industry where you you
bring in steel or aluminum and so forth
and you start bending, welding, and all
that, cut, weld, all that kind of thing.
We're a little different where a boat
starts in a 55gallon drum of resin,
right? So, and then you have a mold and
so you have to, you know, you have to
spray in and you actually build the
outside in. So, that's kind of a
different, you know, process. So, you
start with spraying gel and and, you
know, you start lamination and so on. We
have 19 stations that we run the boat
through in a one piece flow where we're
beginning with the initial uh drum that
comes on into the plant and it follows
it, you know, one piece flow through the
plant and we have our, you know, quality
checks at each station. You know, we
look for first, you know, first pass
yield, how we're thinking about how that
that quality of the boat continues to
move through. And then you get into uh
like auto, similar to auto where your
interiors, right? We have, you know, the
interiors of our boats are, you know,
fit and finish is a high-end. It's very
scrutinized by consumers and so forth.
So like the auto industry, you got to
make sure your interiors are are just
done right and hit all your specs, your
standard work and so on and and we do
that. But we as any manufacturer knows,
you can be better all the time.
Continuous improvement is a big
opportunity for us every day that we
come to work.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Um, so in this one
piece flow arrangement for the the boats
and the production of the holes up
through the assembly, what what comes
off the end of the line is the engine
installed, is this boat ready to to go
on a trailer or is there still further
processes?
&gt;&gt; No, we actually by the time we get to
the end of the of the line at our plant,
it goes onto a trailer and we splash it
in water for uh real testing. So we we
actually are on a river where we can
splash the boats uh down in Fort Pierce.
We uh if we don't if we're not by a
river, we actually have a think about a
big swimming pool inside of our plant
where we can splash the boat in the
plant, turn the engines on, do our
quality checks, you know, kind at the
final final stage before it gets wrapped
ready for shipment to our dealer. So
every boat gets uh checked with water
running through the engine and and uh it
you know it just sits in a water tank
and and or in a river and uh everything
goes through a live test before it gets
wrapped and shipped.
&gt;&gt; That's really that's really cool. Um we
we talked a little bit about the the
range of of uses for the boats, the the
flexibility of the designs. You've got
the configuration for the wake that
you'd like to throw out there. I think
when you look at the architectural level
too, I'd like to stop for a minute and
just reset that. Um, when you look at
the portfolio from the Cobalt bolts to
to the to the Axis to the pursuit, the
sax door, the the range of powertrain
configurations in the engine options
that are in those, it's, you know, it's
not just one thing adapted. You you you
install a number of different
configurations that the Cobalt are
primarily stern drive, the Axis or
inboard boats. Your your Sock door line
is primarily outdoor um outboard
equipped. um how do you leverage what
you learn in one space when when there's
so much variability there and what can
you take from one of those architectures
to the other in terms of your
engineering development and how do you
get the combined value of having all of
those under your portfolio.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think this is where it comes
back to having strong partners because
think about it even in a boat engine
most people may not really think but
what you do with your props just on the
engine. So you could have a 350
horsepower engine outboard on the back
of your on your back of your boat and
maybe have just one, right? And you can
change props and get a different
experience with with those props. So the
engineering teams do do fantastic. They
start working on let let's go to the
outboards since we were talking about
it. They work size horsepower, what's
the weight of the boat, how many how
many engines do you need to push that
weight efficiently, what's the top speed
you're trying to get, what are you doing
with that boat? Are you going to be out
in the ocean? you're going to be on a
big lake, you're going to go fishing.
So, you want, you know, like there's a
difference in uh engine selection if
you're on a bay boat where there are
boats that we make, skiffs that go uh,
you know, uh, fishing, you know, in the
mangroves of of Florida and we actually
have our our um our engines, our
outboard engines on on a hydraulic jack.
So, you can you can go into eight, nine
inches of water to go fish where you
want to fish, right? So every
application requires you know some
different engineering and the teams do a
fantastic job on it. One of the things
we work with uh is forward drives on our
on our uh wake toeboats right so we
actually put the prop underneath the
boat uh on our cobalts and so on with a
forward drive versus a rearfacing drive.
So uh every application is requiring
that engineering to think what are we
trying to do is it safety quality a
better ride better lift for the boat
with props and so on and it all comes
through design testing you know and
experience that that the engineer team
that the engineering teams have
&gt;&gt; yeah you mentioned the cobalt
configurations for the surf boats I mean
essentially you offer the the pleasure
boats the the bow riders which are just
amazing beautiful boats allpurpose you
can ski you can you can tow a a towable
behind it if you got kids that want to
do the tubing. Uh but then for the
hardcore surfers, you've got the forward
facing props. I would love to have been
in the room the first day somebody said,
"Hey, this is what we could do." And had
some old-timer saying, "There's no way
we're going to do that." But it's such a
simple simple solution to to a few
challenges, right? The safety challenge,
the the way the boat behaves when you
when you pull the the surf, the way it's
stable. Um so that's a nice example of
how you can adapt something in a modular
environment. Um and and you certainly
leverage that with with the Cobalt boats
that you offer today. What about
electrification? What about new energy
systems? Uh how much are you looking
into that space? Is there development on
the horizon? Are there challenges you're
trying to overcome in terms of of
electrification if there's a demand for
it or where can those things benefit the
the users for the boats that you're
selling?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's um there's a lot going on.
you know, kind of think electrification,
hybrid, and like what will be the proper
solution for the boats and like when I
was in my previous role, we we did
electrification and off-road vehicles
and and motorcycles and so forth. So,
battery technology, size, weight, cost,
all those things continue to play and do
transfer over to the marine space. And
so, we're we're evaluating all those.
Then you're going to look at marine, you
know, you know, when you think about
electric, you know, electrification and
water, you got a little bit of a
challenge there where so, you know, look
for that. However, some of the
applications could be really well if
you're on a do really well if you're on
a lake, you know, and you know, it's a
it's a two-hour session of of
surfing maybe uh and you're not going
distance and so on at first, right? That
uh that there may be those applications.
So there those are opportunities for
future technology that we continue to
work on with our with our our own
internally as well as our partners and
uh and look forward to seeing you know
the same thing you know is
infrastructure how does infrastructure
on the marine on a marinas work you know
if it's not if it's at your home dock
that's different than if you know we do
have quite a few customers who you know
put their do their boats in marinas and
you know so you're going to have to get
that infrastructure up up to speed to
start accommodating that. So, a lot of
uh opportunities in front of us, but yet
still a lot of of uh things we have to
work out in the electrification in
marine.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, to your point about the
customers being your your north star for
what you do. If the customers are
demanding certain features and things
that would benefit from electrification
or electrical system development that
that is maybe new to boating, um I'm
sure you'll be there with those
solutions. I don't know. Are bow
thrusters an example of of of electric
systems that are becoming more
predominant in traditional technology? I
maybe that's not really a great
technology to feature, but is is is the
dockside maneuvering of the boats an
opportunity for certain things? And is
the sax door acquisition giving you
access to some of that technology that
you maybe didn't have in the portfolio
before?
&gt;&gt; And I think so moving away from electric
powertrain to electronics and technology
in the boat. Uh yes, I mean that bow
thrusters are are a great you know
opportunity. We do have those in our
current boats for maneuverability and
safety and so forth. But when you start
thinking about technology in boats, you
know, screens, uh autod dock, um uh you
think about how do we uh how do we make
it easier for those users to either
captain their boat, enjoy their boat, be
safe in their boat. So vision systems
and so forth. Some of these things are
starting to come into the marine space.
Uh we're working with partners to bring
those. Sax door does uh uh add to that.
You know, I think you know our our
pursuit brands our Cobalt brands and our
Malibu brands. We we've been going down
that path have bow thrusters have those
technologies on our boats. But uh sax
door adds another level of opportunities
in terms of size of screens uh what it's
doing with controls in the boat and so
far and and and how do we make boating
safer safer and easier to be a captain
in a boat specifically when you start
going up in footage saxtor we just
introduced the 460 so you start going
you know in the 40 foot you know even
bigger boats uh the captain needs more
help on making sure that they're safe
and operating in a in a in a nice
environment. You know, think about
application. You know, you have apps on
your phones or the batteries charged,
it's gas tank full. Things to make it
easier for you as hey, you're sitting in
the office or you're working or what
what it you're sitting at home. You go,
"Hey, we're going we're going to go down
to the boat." You don't want to go down
and say, "My batteries are low. I don't
have fuel." Right? All you just want to
be able to look at your phone and go,
"All right, I'm ready to go." Those are
those types of things we're trying to
create.
&gt;&gt; I can imagine, it didn't occur to me
before you started to explain that, but
I I can imagine that the accessibility
and the the commercial viability of AI
tools and and onboard AI tools which
would give your captain the information
to say, "Hey, this is the way the wind
is blowing or this is the the amount of
energy we have left in the boat or this
is um any of the information that would
help a captain as a sort of first mate."
would be kind of interesting to think
about how you'd in integrate those with
the systems that control the boat and
and and the features that are available.
&gt;&gt; And we work with great partners around
the globe that that bring some of those
technologies to us and for us. And then,
you know, we're also looking at what,
you know, we can provide in terms of
technology. And don't forget, it's not
about just captaining. You know, our our
fishermen love, you know, people who
fish love fishinder and so on. We don't
make that, but we do have partners that
put that on our boat. And you know,
that's an important part to uh have
enjoying your boat out on the water if
you're out fishing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And before we leave the the Saxton
discussion for a little bit or I'm
sorry, Saxto discussion for a little
bit, um the the coolest thing about
those Sax yachts that I noticed was the
the drop down sides that give you access
to the water and the the absolute I
mean, what a what a place to spend an
afternoon if you're just docked in a in
a place that's calm enough to enjoy it.
put the the walls down and it's it's
like being on your own float but you're
you're two miles from shore. It's it's
it's a really cool feature and I imagine
it's one that you're looking to to
leverage in other places where you've
got the the right hardware to do it.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Our uh our head designer at Saxor
is part of the team and he was the
person who who started Sax Zachary
Matilia has been an icon in the bow
business. He's started five different
bow companies that are all still in
existence today. His his fingerprints
are all over the Sax door. He looks at
Sax Door as living rooms on the water.
So he want, you know, he he's really
approached it that way. So when you drop
those gunnels down and, you know, create
an even broader and more dramatic living
space and fun space on the water for
families and friends, you know, he his
vision of making great boats like that
has has really driven the, you know,
engineers to be able to bring those
boats to life. And uh and you could see
it in their growth. You could see it in
in the desiraability. The adventure
dayboat category has really been growing
uh in a pretty, you know, you know, flat
market, you know, in the marine space,
but this one has exceeded it because of
the design, because of what it offers
for people.
&gt;&gt; They really are unique. They're
beautiful. I think the the front end,
the bow construction with the really
unique profile and the the center
console type configuration where you
just feel like you have so much room as
you walk about. Um, yeah, they're large,
but it's also really welldesigned in
terms of how much space is used when
you're out there. And designing a boat
to sit still, maybe doesn't occur to a
lot of people, but but when you use a
boat, you're on it, you know, you might
be underway 20% of the day and the other
80% you're you're just enjoying what's
available to you on the deck.
&gt;&gt; And I think that's the, you know, really
when you think about designers and what
they do is you you just articulated is
how do you create spacious space but
sleek enough that it cuts through the
water when you're underway? really, you
know, and it really does a great job of
being able to to move through the water
yet so spacious when you get there and
you kind of hang with your family, you
know, where wherever you are, you know,
you got to give it to those designers
just do a great job with that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I'm excited to see more of
those perhaps down down the road and and
get up close when we get the chance
sometime. Um, let's get back a little
bit. Well, we've got so many things that
I would love to talk about. We could
just talk about the engines for another
half hour, but I'm not going to make you
do that. But but um when we talk about
the the business of making boats and and
what you're trying to achieve there as
as leader of the company now that you've
been in the role for 18 months, what are
the opportunities to really leverage the
manufacturing processes, the knowhow,
the scalability? I mean, I think you've
demonstrated the potential to do that at
at Indian, like you mentioned before,
and as part of a broader portfolio where
those things can be pulled into a unique
product and and still retain the
character of the individual brand, but
have access to technology and
manufacturing capabilities at a at a
bigger company. What What are the
opportunities for you there at Malibu
with the different boat models and the
different brands that you're trying to
pull together?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, and it's it it's a great
opportunity at Malibu for us. And think
about it is our our concept is making
sure that when it when the brands are
consumerf facing they are individual
they have their own brands there is no
blending people buy cobalts for cobalt
buy Malibus buy sack stores for suit as
you would well know so we don't cross
over or blend our brands consumerf
facing however when you're you know
looking at nine different brands that we
have in our portfolio we have scale
opportunities behind the scenes that
would never a consumer wouldn't care for
care to know nor willing willing to pay
for. So, think of wiring harnesses,
right? A wiring harness is is an
opportunity for us. We do our own wiring
harnesses now. We proliferate that,
propagate that across the brands that
we've acquired and we can start getting
scale and start gaining efficiencies of
scale that way. We also cut down lead
times right with our vertical
integration. our our central sourcing
global sourcing team we we literally
just formed over uh about 14 months ago
is doing a great job of how do we drive
efficiencies from our scale and then how
do we increase improve our quality um
our quality teams go through our
manufacturing we're always chasing
quality everybody's always chasing
quality manufacturing no matter you know
if you think you're good there's still
that pursuit of of excellence that
you're really going after. So we have
quality teams, you know, how do we make
the boat better? How do we make the boat
more efficient? And, you know, really
drive that final product. So where if
you think about boating, people are
proud to have their families on their
boats when they come on a on a weekend
or week night whenever they use them,
they have friends come over. It's it's
not only have fun on the water, but it
also says something about them in the
premium boats that we sell. So we have
to make sure that our boats live up to
those expectations and that's what we
focus on in manufacturing, supply chain
and quality every day.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. How much of the how much of the
forward development do do you think
would be I would say unique to the boat
industry and how much of it is things
you can pull from other industries that
are maybe common to to automotive or
power powers sports. Um how much of it's
unique to what you need to do for boats
and how much of it is coming from other
places? I think the the technology part
is an opportunity to pull from other and
learn from other industries. No
question. Uh either there are products
that you can that are easily
transferable to marine or there are
products that inspire, you know, to be
marinized like we do with the engine,
right? So not everything plays straight
across. But there are opportunities,
lighting, sound, uh screens, you know,
uh the the software packages within the
products. You can go to other uh vendors
who are doing it for automotive,
powersports, and so on and bring those
to marine. The construction of the boat,
how they, you know, how you look at uh
the molds, you know, that's one of the
things we didn't talk about. We make our
own molds at our uh technology
development center so we can control you
know the the freeboard of the of of the
boat the gunnels and so forth. So size,
weight, height in the water and so on.
So we those are a little bit more
you know idiosyncratic to those boats
than it is you know where that
technology and electronics kind of can
work across all industries.
&gt;&gt; That's interesting that you make your
own molds in inhouse. I I think when you
look into other industries that the
companies that have their own tooling,
their own machine making capability tend
to have an advantage. So, do you think
that's a unique advantage to Malibu?
&gt;&gt; I think it's a it's a very good
advantage for us. There are a few other
boat companies that do that as well, but
it is it it it does allow us to design
uh you know uh faster uh cut those lead
times down, but it also helps us with u
as we're into new boat development and
so forth, right? we can control our own
uh timeline of our new boat programs and
uh so that flexibility you know having
that inhouse we don't have to wait for
an outside vendor to get in line to
their sequence you know we can we can
really be speed to market is what that
brings us as as an advantage and and we
like to leverage that in our business.
Yeah, I'm sure it is an advantage. I'm
sure it's by design as well, but also
when something changes, the advantage to
to be able to do it inhouse and and know
what the the impacts are when the
changes occur is really helpful to you.
Um, you talked you touched on the
efficiency of the boats. You touched on
the ability to control that. Um, it's
got to be a concern right now with fuel
prices, what they are coming right up on
the the unofficial start to the uh
boating season over the Memorial Holiday
weekend, uh, as we record this. um what
what can you offer in your boat designs
and and what tools are you deploying to
to continue to make the boats more
efficient and and really what are the
what are the potential opportunities
where you can do this even more in the
future?
Yeah, when you think about that, right?
And when we look at uh basic, you know,
height or excuse me, weight of the boat,
how it how it, you know, glides through
the water, the the fluid dynamics, you
know, we use our nautical engineers and
architects to help us make sure we're
cutting as as efficiency as as efficient
as possible to go through the water. We
look at the weight of the water. or we
look at do we are are we putting the
appropriate powertrain in the boat to be
able to be efficient. Um so and then you
you know even in our software packages
we're helping the captain look at it and
say here's my burn rate of fuel per hour
you know estimated right or uh so
they're understanding on you know it's
tough for us to control if there's a
captain who wants to go two hours of
wide openen throttle out on the water
you're going to burn through some tanks
of gas.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. But I think all of us have
left the stern in the wrong position as
we've motored away too and realized, oh,
that's why we're not up or that's why
we're spinning faster than we should.
So,
&gt;&gt; exactly. So, what we're looking for is,
you know, the the software packages and
technology say this is the most
efficient, you know, uh, way to operate
the boat while you're in the water. So,
you get optimum fuel range. Similar, you
know, we go back to auto, you know, you
have that on your screen in your truck
or car where it tells you, yeah, you're
you're at optimum use, you know, for
fuel efficiency. We you know we have
similar things in in boats.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you mentioned the the
production testing of the boats um in
terms of dropping them in in the water
to to quality check. Do do you also have
a test facility where you operate the
boats to to test the performance and and
develop them develop them and and
proving grounds of sorts for boats?
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah. there. Uh we're fortunate
proving grounds can be on on bodies of
water that of course uh you know we uh
that don't freeze. So that's always a
good thing. So in our saltwater uh you
know in our saltwater business we do use
you know we're down in Florida you know
doing testing and so on. In our in our
other businesses Tennessee you know the
rivers and so on use you know is a great
place for testing our product. Um, but
yes, we do. Our engineers, our product
developers, they uh they're always
playing around with and having fun with
making new designs and new combinations
of powertrains and boat hauls and so on.
So, uh, you know, I think that's
probably one of the more exciting parts
about being a product company is for
those engineers that get to design new
things, they get to test and play and
really have the fun of creating
something exciting for consumers. Yeah,
there's nothing better than putting
something to test and and and having the
data to say it did what you wanted it to
do or it didn't reach the the goals
you'd set and and working to get there.
And I think doing that kind of work is
is is really fun. I started my
automotive career on the the test track
and uh I can only imagine what it's like
to do it for boats every day. It's got
to be a lot of fun. Um I used to
vacation
&gt;&gt; once a while they'll let me come.
&gt;&gt; Not too not too often.
&gt;&gt; Well, raise your hand again. once in a
while maybe somebody would get the point
that you really would love to be be part
of those things. Um I'm curious uh the
practical testing and all of that is is
evident. How much virtual engineering
work are Malibu and the team deploying?
Is that an area that you've been able to
to reach into and improve your
development process?
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Yeah. the guys I mean when
they they kind of think about uh the
design I mean kind of the basic CAD
systems and so on then you get into the
the fluid dynamics software packages and
so on so all that goes into the
development of boats the pre-esign work
um so uh where we can you know we are
leveraging that and as AI continues to
build so you said it on you know AI
assisted things on the uh you know
assisted technology on the boats it's
also AI assisted you know on design and
and how we execute our business.
&gt;&gt; Well, um I really appreciate you sharing
some of the things that you're doing. I
I know it's just a conversation. We're
going to try to share some some video
and photos uh as we've talked here
during the podcast so people can see
some of the beautiful machines, the the
difference in the the functionality of
each of the the brands and the models
that you supply and offer. And um I I
think it'd be really fascinating als
fascinating to also learn about how
these are made and to see the process
sometimes. So, if if you've ever got the
opportunity to share how you make the
boats or or some of the manufacturing
technology that's making your boats, I
would say, world class and and as
competitive as any, we'd really love to
learn more about that as well, too.
&gt;&gt; That'd be great. Always love to have
you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, thank you very much. I guess
to to wrap up, is there anything that
you'd like us to know about what Malibu
is doing in any of the brands or or some
of the the things you've got in the in
the pipeline or some some technologies
that you think are going to continue to
keep you at the front of the the pack?
Uh we'll leave it in general. We don't
like to really share what our product
plans are as we go in the in the future,
but we are a company that that really uh
prides itself on innovation and how
we'll drive the the the marine industry
and and really satisfy customers into
the future. And just if you look at our
portfolio of premium brands, you know,
we have great uh brands with great boats
that support customers. and uh we'll
continue to do that through innovation
and and really drive the excitement and
happiness for the families. So, I'll
just leave everybody with Jason. Thank
you for the time today and safe boating,
everyone.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Yeah, I I encourage
everybody to take a look at at all the
different models. It's um they really
are impressive boats. When you walk up,
you know they are going to be good
boats. When you get on board, the
quality is there, the fit and finish,
the materials that are selected for for
this. you mentioned the interiors and I
think that uh each of them are designed
for a really wide range and and yet
specific bit of purpose. Um and
customers of of all your brands I think
have kind of the same broad perception
that that it's really one of the best
models to choose from and and the
highest quality. Thank you so much for
sharing what you've been able to uh
accomplish in the first 18 months at at
Malibu, what you're doing, how you do
it, and we look forward to to learning a
little bit more about how you make them
perhaps in the future.