Channel:     hansnelson
Title:       The AI Boom is Exploding
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqRsXaCDqI4
Published:   2026-10-01 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-10-01 02:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We've had this thesis that this
technology is going to be absolutely
gamechanging. And now we're in it. And
it doesn't feel real. That's the
craziest part. It doesn't feel real. It
feels It feels strange. It feels like a
simulation. Truly, we're arriving to a
time where human agency is going to
define people's ability to have a great
future starting now. But now, it's at
the point where if you don't have agency
and you're not willing to leverage these
tools, you're going to fall behind
immediately. America's benefit, I would
argue, is that it doesn't matter what
you look like. Truly, it's it's your
character and the drive and your want to
use your time and effort to create a
better life for yourself.
&gt;&gt; Civilization is a super intelligence
already.
&gt;&gt; No major transition in history has gone
smoothly. We are very close to these
gamechanging tools being everywhere that
massively increase productivity,
massively increase efficiency, massively
increase value generation, and allows
humans with agency to become
significantly more wealthy,
significantly more productive, and have
significantly more fun, and be
significantly more optimistic. And if
you can make something that is useful
for a billion people, I guarantee you,
you are going to make so much money.
Hey everybody, we've got Farzad with us
today and we are going to talk about
none other topic than of course AI
because AI AI AI it is super intelligent
and all kinds of things have been
happening. It moves so fast, it's so
hard to keep track of. And the AI boom
is absolutely exploding. We see products
all across the board coming from a
number of companies. We see Meta going
allin with Muse agents. We see SpaceX AI
releasing the Grockbot. And you know,
we've been watching as the tech industry
has been building these agents and these
agent harnesses over the last year. It
started with OpenClaw. you know, it
moved to Hermes and different people
have been trying to create something
that works well and now we have kind of
the uh the normie version of these
things that works and it works for
everyday people. And so I wanted to talk
to you today, you know, what how are you
processing this moment since, you know,
it wasn't a month ago. We were talking
about how AI was an absolute bubble. You
know, it's all going to come to an end.
We're not going to use all these GPUs.
This is just fraud and then all of a
sudden
&gt;&gt; overnight overnight. They're the the
strongest things of all time. We're
going to die.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; We're dead.
&gt;&gt; We're going to die. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; We're going to die. Yeah. It's crazy.
Like it's it's
&gt;&gt; the bots are going to kill us.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The Grockbots. This little plush
looking thing from meta is going to give
us a hug and it's just going to kill us.
It's going to hug us to death, you know?
We're going to just like get a nose
bleed and die. Yeah, dude. No, thank you
for having me. Always a pleasure
chatting with you. Um, it's it's just so
fascinating. It really is fascinating
that the the group of people that don't
follow this story closely will always
seems to glob on to this thing about how
it either doesn't work or it's like it's
dangerous and it it seems to sort of
oscillate between the two. It's going to
kill us at the bubble. It's going to
kill us at the bubble. But if you're
anybody who is actually actively using
the tools on a daily basis, it looks
nothing but a brand new paradigm
in how you interface with tools and how
you generate value and how you become
productive and how efficient you can
become and how creative you come be you
can become and how much fun it is to
interface with these tools. The the
example that I've used in my videos
lately is
you can now literally like literally go
into a self-driving car that is powered
by AI and you can talk to say said
self-driving car and that talking will
generate value through the Grockot
connection into the Tesla that's native
and so while the car on AI is driving
you around and if you are in cyber cab,
you wouldn't even be able to take
control of a car. And then while that's
happening, the Grock bots are in the
background cutting videos for you,
researching things for you, buying
things on your behalf, creating content
on your behalf, creating newsletters on
your behalf, maintaining your website,
reaching out to people, running ad
campaigns, prospecting leads,
interfacing with your leads, finalizing
contracts, etc., etc., etc., etc.
what happened
like how like it's it's like if you
really think of it's actually it's so
fascinating that we went from
where okay it we've had this thesis that
this technology is going to be
absolutely gamechanging and now we're in
it and it doesn't feel real. That's the
craziest part. It doesn't feel real. It
feels it feels strange. It feels like a
simulation truly but it's it's actually
happening. And and what's the the most
fascinating thing is like now with
things like you know Grockbot is kind of
like um it's still very niche and I
would say still especially compared to
like Metamuse it's still not it's a lot
more normie friendly than your Hermes or
your open claws but what Muse has done
really well for those not familiar Muse
is basically like a a very friendly um
agent through Meta that basically does
stuff on your behalf. It's basically the
agents of of Meta. But what they've done
&gt;&gt; like assistants and employees basically.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. But they've normified it big
time and they they've removed even more
complexity away from the entire
platform. Whereas Grockbot still gives
you quite a bit of um like you can tell
Grockbot is more for the entrepreneur
and Muse is more for the individual like
just for some Exactly. consumers.
&gt;&gt; So but it's it's like the normification
of this technology. So, so what's going
to happen here now? All of a sudden, if
Meta knows how to leverage its 3.6
billion human distribution network
through WhatsApp and Instagram and
Facebook, all of a sudden, you're going
to have a mass in theory, you should
have this massive wakeup call of people
that are like, "Holy crap, what just
happened?" Like, now I can just use this
thing and it just does stuff for me.
Whereas before you had to go on the
phone so that and it goes to the one
comment you've had before you we started
the podcast. is like, okay, now it's
going to be we're we're arriving to a
time where human agency is going to
define
people's ability to have a great future
starting now. And that's always been the
case, but now it's at the point where if
you don't have agency and you're not
willing to leverage these tools, you're
going to fall behind immediately because
it's so easy now that you said this
again, the the threshold to get
something going is so low now that it's
like if you don't you you just either
don't truly don't have the time, you
have no ambition, or you're too afraid
to take the risk, or you simply don't
know how to use the tools, which at that
point, it's like, okay, we have to sort
of normify it even more. But but I do I
do really think this is probably going
to mark a very like I think we've
reached a chasm where like there was a
chance for this technology to be like
slowed down because it might like the
benefits wouldn't be here. But I think
it's very hard to deny now that at least
some of the benefits are here. And and
those benefits from my lived experience,
me personally, the most obvious places
where this the benefits of AI are
starting to shine through is through
driverless cars where you don't have to
drive anymore and when they're
unsupervised, you don't even have to pay
attention anymore. So you get all that
time back. Number one. And then number
two is through these agentic harnesses
that legitimately
make you somewhat superhuman in the
ability to generate value or be
efficient to to the point where it's
it's it's literally
saving me the ability to to have to hire
for all these people like for what I'm
doing with the media business. And
because the threshold is so low for me
to do that and because the cost is so
low relative to that, I am actually
willing to take the risk to do those
things. Whereas before, I'm like, man,
if I really want to do this, I got to
hire three people. I just don't feel
like I just I just I just h
&gt;&gt; humans is such a pain in the butt. I
don't know that I want to deal with
that,
&gt;&gt; dude. I got a wife and a kid. I want to
spend time with them. I don't want to be
stressed out about this Like,
I want to like build things. I want to
have fun doing it. And now like that's
that is the best way to describe this.
The time that we live right now, you can
build things and have fun.
You can build things and have fun. And
that is such a massive magnet for the
time like like again if you have agency,
you're somebody who's ambitious, there's
no better time to live than now. This is
why and we're here. Like we're here.
&gt;&gt; We we've reached the point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean it's absolute rocket fuel
for entrepreneurs. So I do think you
know for a lot of
&gt;&gt; one of the things about you is that you
are a very entrepreneurial person and
you've been in business and built
businesses um in the past and so like a
lot of those things come naturally to
you
&gt;&gt; and it's just like the friction has come
down
&gt;&gt; um and for most people they want to have
a job where someone else is doing the
thinking about what they need to do
&gt;&gt; and
&gt;&gt; giving them
work that they can be productive at, but
that they don't have to figure out how
does this fit in the larger context of
the economy or the larger context of the
business itself. Um, so I think that's
one of the the things that's going to be
hard for a lot of more normal people.
But I think for for anyone who's
entrepreneurial,
the ability to create things is just,
you know, off the charts already. Like
if you just said all you get from now
until 2030 is Opus 5, like there's still
so much untapped potential.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That is, you know, people could do so
many things with that that they're not
doing yet. And so like there's just this
huge gap there. Um, but I think that the
cool thing about the Metamuse product is
that it will be useful enough and people
like people are finding so many uses for
it already that I think people will get
into like they'll learn how to use the
tools. Maybe they won't learn how to use
them because they want to create
anything to begin with. like maybe it's
just saving them time, making something
easier.
&gt;&gt; But as they like I think that a lot of
people are going to you learn to use the
the tools because the the interface is
getting better, the harness is getting
better, they're getting easier, they can
teach you how to use them. Like once you
start using them for, you know, doing
your grocery shopping, like the gap
between using it to do that and then
using it to build something that you
want to build is fairly low. And so
that's what I'm excited to see. But I'm
I'm curious to hear what you think
about, you know, that um
that gap between
that intrinsic motivation that
entrepreneurs have versus other people.
and if that's going to be something that
drives further and further inequality.
Yes.
&gt;&gt; In the market or if that's going to
create enough opportunities to actually
bring people closer together.
&gt;&gt; I think it's the former unfortunately.
Um and I'll kind of walk you through my
thought process here. I was actually um
Dave Lee and I sat down and talked about
this after our cyber cap video that we
did together. It was so fun. Um, we we
sort of sat down and talked about some
of these things at the Starbucks, but my
biggest fear, okay, so so let let me
reframe the question. It depends where
you are. It depends what civilization
you're talking about. If I, if I use the
United States as an example, I think the
United States is sort of blessed and
cursed in this arena. Blessed in a way
that it's the it is the place where most
ambitious people go. And so by default
the country is going to like like from
200 years ago 250 years ago and and then
on it has been a magnet for people that
are seeking a better life through
effort.
That's just that that I think that's
what defines our country. That's what it
means to be American. It's not really
like like most other countries in the
world. Basically, I would argue
essentially every other country in the
world where where your you being part of
that country has some sort of ethnic
thing to it, right? Like Spain like
Europe welcomes too many immigrants.
Well, could argue, but like Germany is
German, Spain is Spaniard, France is
French, right? Uh but you you can sort
of like you imagine this kind of person
that lives in that society. They look a
certain way. They behave a certain way,
which is great. America's benefit, I
would argue, is that it doesn't matter
what you look like. Truly, it's it's
your character and the drive and your
want to use your time and effort to
create a better life for yourself. And
with the way we've constructed
constructed the country from a law
perspective and a system perspective and
a governance perspective and an economy
perspective, you will win even harder if
other people choose to buy your products
or services because then that's that is
the signal that says you are creating
really useful things and valuable
things. So that foundation is a magnet
by default for people that love to build
things. And so in a in a in a time where
building things has become a lot easier
and a lot less there's a lot less
friction, we should see an explosion, a
massive explosion of individuals that
are finally taking the bull by the horns
and they're building things. So we're
going to see that for sure. So, we're
going to see a percentage of the
population is going to go like massive
step up and they're going to create more
value, bring more stuff to the economy,
which means that they're going to be
they're going to be better off simply
because they're bringing more value,
right? But then we have the flip side. I
would argue that the United States
education system for the last god knows
how many decades
has failed the public in a way that is
going to be very evident in the coming
years where we're going to have a lot of
low agency people that have been taught
to memorize,
think inside a box, and execute inside a
box because we've standardized everybody
to hell.
number one. Number two, during that
time, we've introduced things like
social media and smartphones that are
dopamine machines that have taken the
time away from a lot of these people
that could have been learning how to
build things. They could have been
learning how to execute on ideas, how to
face um hard difficult moments, how to
harden themselves. And then also like a
byproduct of the fact that the United
States has been so rich for so long that
we've had a lot of complacency that has
also been built into the system. You're
going to have that cohort that is not
going to be able to grab the bull by the
horns. And then while the people that
are grabbing the bull by the horns
continue their massive trajectory
upwards, they're going to look up and
say, "Wow, I got screwed over. How come
I'm not there?" And I think we're going
to have a lot of friction. Like if you
thought the friction between billionaire
bad and working class was bad now just
wait. And then on top of this, we're
going to have a cohort of people that
have been part of a, let's call it the
white collar class, well-educated,
traditionally welloff, where AI is going
to come in and disrupt the hell out of
out of their jobs to the point where if
you're somebody who identifies with the
job that's being disrupted, all of a
sudden the machine's going to be able to
do that job for you. You're not going to
be able to tell, you're not going to be
able to remove your ego from that
equation to say you, oh I can
actually use this and make my art, my
job, my whatever 10,000 times better,
10,000 times uh have 10,000 times more
reach. Instead, a percentage of those
people are going to glob onto the fact
that machine stole job.
Okay? So then that cohort becomes a
movement that is going to do something,
right? They're going to do I don't know
what they're going to do truly. Like
it's it's like this is like the weird
time that we live in. And you know,
we've talked about this many times
before, dude. Remember that one podcast
we had with Matt and James like couple
years ago? Were you I can't remember if
you were on that podcast or not, but it
was it was with Matt Smith and James Dma
where Matt said
&gt;&gt; it would be funny if if uh if capitalism
gives way to communism.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You remember that?
&gt;&gt; I do remember that. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. This like we we can see it like we
can see it starting to manifest at the
at the underneath. Right. So then the
question becomes
how do we close that gap? And we've had
discussions in the past, you and I,
where it's like, well, at some point the
the leaders at the top that are actually
creating these tools and amassing more
and more uh value and more money and
more wealth through the uh releasing
these technologies into the world,
they're going to have to be faced with a
question which is like, okay, do I have
to intervene and keep these people happy
in some way to ensure that they don't to
take some drastic measures and the whole
thing comes crashing down like voting in
communists and socialists into the
country that caps the incentive behind
people wanting to become wealthy or
building great things and then there's a
there is other countries around the
world that are like oh we can start
stealing their best hey guys if you come
to the United if you come to our country
El Salvador pick a country I don't know
guys China
pick a country hey um you know we're
actually going to just treat you guys
like they treated you in America, but
we're not going to villainize you. We're
actually going to give you props. You
don't think those people are going to
start moving out? Like, we're already
seeing the flight away from California.
We're already seeing the flight away
from these places that have like very
restrictive policies. There's just a
question that has to be asked between
like like between the people that are
building all these tools. It's like what
what do we need to do? What do we need
to do? And so I think this is where the
discussion around creating a transition
plan of some sorts for the people that
will inevitably be left behind either
because not to not be because of their
fault or because of their fault
depending on what how you frame this. If
you want a stable society, we're going
to have to create a plan to account for
the people that are simply incapable or
unwilling to jump on the ride because
there's you will just have too many
people in this country where we're going
to potentially leave behind. Now I could
be 100% wrong and then the human spirit
flourishes through and then like all the
all the negative things I just uh
rattled off. We still have people
innately are
smart enough, driven enough, powerful
enough, have enough agency where even
the most difficult seeming situation for
them actually give them a pathway to
create something and of themselves and
make something happen in a system that
heavily rewards that. And then my and
then and then the actual p the cohort
the percentage of people that actually
um that I discussed that could
potentially bring this whole thing down.
Let's say that's small enough to where
they're not really going to have them
any material difference to our society
or civilization. And then at the same
time, we create a plan to make sure
those people are taken care of because
there's going to be so much wealth to go
around anyway in theory that we should
just be able to, okay, we're just we're
just going to massively raise the floor.
We understand like I get it. Like it
sucks. It sucks that the job you were
doing for a really long time is no
longer there. And you are either
unwilling or incapable incapable of
adapting to the new times. It's fine.
It's crazy. It's a crazy time. I get it.
All good. You'll have a decent life.
You'll have freedom. You'll have agency.
Great. But but how do we do that? Do we
just give them 50,000 bucks a year? I
don't know. Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's um So, I I've been thinking
about this quite a bit and I'll I'll put
out a steelman of a different scenario.
I think you know one of the one of the
underappreciated things
that is true about humanity and society
and civilization is that civilization is
a super intelligence already and it kind
of has a lot of mechanisms built into it
that are corrective that we as
individuals take for granted because
we're living at a very granular level
and so we just don't see kind of these
forces. Um, and so I think the need that
people have to provide for their
families does create a lot of motivation
to figure new things out. And
if you combine that with technology that
is driving
wealth and prosperity
across a broad range of it, you know,
maybe not everybody, but if it's going
to continue where lots of trades are
making money
and it's not that hard to learn a trade
and you can become an electrician or a
plumber, um an HBAC technician and you
can make $150,000
a year or more. Uh at the same time
where technology is kind of driving
deflation and the cost of living
eventually, like I we're going to be
facing inflation now for a little while,
but it's I think there's going to be a
knee in that curve and we're going to
hit deflation eventually.
Um,
and you do see a number of new
businesses that are started that do
require new people to come into them who
have skills and you're creating job
openings faster than you're eliminating
existing jobs.
Yes, there's going to be a lot like I
100% agree. There's a lot of companies
who have business models that are not
going to be functional and viable. And
even within companies, there's going to
be a lot of roles that aren't really
economically functional or viable. Now,
that doesn't mean that within that same
company, there's not another role inside
the company for that same person who was
doing ABC thing, but they at least
understand that company well and they
have context. And now there's a new
opportunity to create value inside of
that business in another place and the
context that they have. If you combine
that with these AI tools in this new
area of the company, you can keep the
same people completely redefine what the
job description is and still be able to
make money. So I think there's going to
be a lot of that
combined with yes people leaving company
you know XYZ that's going out of
business because they are not keeping up
with the current economy the current
market the current dynamics of
technology in their industry. Uh but
there's going to be a new company that
is
serving some needs in that area where
you do have opportunities as long as
you're, you know, motivated to learn. Um
and I think that that motivated to learn
thing like we've been talking about is
going to be a huge a huge determining
factor. But if people
know, you know, if it's not just people
in Silicon Valley or New York or
Washington or if like those are the only
places where people make money off of
what's happening, I 100% agree that what
you're talking about is much much much
more likely.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But if the oil field technicians
and like people that work across
industry, if people that work with atoms
are benefiting and there's lots of
people in your community that you can
look to and see, man, like that person
is killing it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I know them personally.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Then I think that
creates the
like it's the example that people need.
Well, and between that and then people
watching other people on social media
that they have some sort of a connection
with.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Actually be successful. Like if people
can see real people that they have some
sort of a connection to be successful, I
think that that goes a long way
&gt;&gt; to
neuter the sense of hopelessness and
anger and
um
and vitriol that you know is trying to
like there's significant portion of
people who are trying to fan those
flames for political ends. Um
and and yeah, as long as people have
those real life examples, I think
that'll be a lot less potent. So the
thesis is is that we live in a time
where optimism about the future is a
legitimate force and function to get
people to
become comfortable with the time that we
live in because they will actually see
through the friends and family through
the friends and families through the
tools that they're using uh through the
things that are becom available to them
that people are not only not only are
their lives becoming easier you're more
fruitful, more fun, more wealthy, right?
Not only that, but they're also going to
see like the world around them change a
little bit as well. You're going to have
self-driving cars going around. They're
going to hell for cheap uh in theory and
at least uh in major city centers to
stop it over time more. You're going to
have human starting to come out that are
going to revitalize neighborhoods and
stuff. See, I think I think what's
interesting though is like and like the
jobs, right? Like you talked about the
jobs like, "Okay, now my cousin works at
a data center and he's making $150,000 a
year or $300,000 a year as a plumber."
Like, "Holy shit." Oh, in this data
center that just just built down the
street in in Louisiana, let's say, dude,
like that those people got their
electricity paid for. That's crazy. And
oh like they're building a huge
park for them and all that stuff. like
okay
if that actually materializes
then are are we in for a true wonderful
time like you know you know Trump's call
the golden age or whatever I mean it's a
lot of marketing let's say but if we
actually can execute against that and
like the benefits of AI actually start
trickling down to the everyday person
either through jobs created or services
and products offered then I'm 100% with
you 100% with you but now is the time
like it's I would say it's between now
in 2028. If we don't see that actually
seriously materialize, I do worry. I do
worry because that 2028 election can
have a drastic impact into the direction
of where we could be facing. But but I
do think we've reached a chasm that kind
of reinforces your point where the
products and services are getting so
good now and they're getting a lot of
reach where the in the the beginnings
the beginnings of people potentially
feeling that way optimistic about the
future can actually materialize it. So
so long way of saying I think we'll find
out for sure in the next two years. I
think the next two years is like it will
tell us a direction. We'll we'll figure
out the der the derivative of where
we're going, you know, and
the optimistic side of me says like it's
absolutely going to happen. The
pessimistic side, the realist side says
no major transition in history has gone
smoothly.
None of them have. Right? Even even the
greatest industrial revolutions had some
pretty serious
rocky times in between. So now the
question becomes is with the help of AI,
have we all become smart enough to
realize the mistakes of the past so that
we don't repeat them again? You know,
could this be the first time in human
history where we don't repeat our
mistakes?
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; You know, we'll see.
&gt;&gt; I highly doubt that that's going to be
the case. Yeah, I think we're going to
we're going to repeat lots of mistakes.
But the the nice thing is that so I say
we're going to repeat mistakes, but I
also say that when we run into mistakes,
we'll be able to get out of them faster
because we've seen how this has worked
in the past.
&gt;&gt; And so maybe like the troughs won't be
as deep. Um because we we have
we have the examples from the past and
also we just have a lot more,
you know, collective eyeballs on
problems now than we've ever had before.
You know, I think we're at a point I
hear
&gt;&gt; so much pessimism right now about how
social media, you know, is the worst
thing ever. And I agree that there are
lots of negative things about social
media, but you know, people were really
excited about it 10 years ago. This is,
you know, going to be
&gt;&gt; great technology leads to more
connections, you know, and so we're just
going to give it to anyone and everyone
all the time. And we've learned that,
you know, these algorithms are not
necessarily the best thing for your
mental health and certainly not if
you're, you know, at risk from a mental
health perspective or if you're too
young or, you know, whatever. Um, and
because there are some downsides to
social media, I think the collective
sentiment of social media is just
terrible, even though we all use it all
the freaking time. But
&gt;&gt; welcome to the show. Welcome to social
media. You are watching this on social
media.
Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But at the same time, I think that like
our our collective ability to process
information,
sift through things, get to the truth,
ultimately
at large scale on hard problems is
higher now than it's ever been.
&gt;&gt; This is true.
&gt;&gt; And just because it's not perfect
doesn't mean that it's not powerful and
positive. And when we look back at this,
you know, in the rearview mirror, I
think it's going to be a net positive, a
big net positive for humanity.
&gt;&gt; I agree.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; Over a long long enough time scale for
sure,
&gt;&gt; 100%.
&gt;&gt; But I think our pessimism about what's
going to happen with AI is because we're
in this social media hangover time where
we're pessimistic about what happened
with social media. And so we assume that
I feel shitty about social media, so
therefore I feel shitty about artificial
intelligence.
&gt;&gt; Great observation.
&gt;&gt; And I think that we're I think that
we're too cynical on social media that
it is better than the average person
thinks it is.
&gt;&gt; Yes. and that we can be a lot more
optimistic and hopeful about how this
diffusion of artificial intelligence
into the economy is going to impact
people's lives and how we're going to be
able to transition to that and how we're
going to be able to make sense and like
I just think people are a lot more sane
and a lot more normal than
and and driven by incentives and able to
adapt and change than we give people
credit for just because we see some
crazy ass people on social media who
aren't But it's like, you know, 0.001%
of the population that is that
&gt;&gt; that would be incredible. I mean, if if
that thesis holds, yeah, I I would I I
would love for that to be the case 100%.
We'll see. I mean, we'll find out. The
flip side of that is also like, you
know,
why why why is half the country paycheck
to paycheck?
And that's that's another question we
have to ask ourselves.
If if half the country is paycheck to
paycheck, is that a result of the system
mostly? Is that a result of
uh lack of opportunity? Is that a result
of lack of drive? Right? How come how
come we we have people that come to this
country with nothing and they make
something out of themselves all the time
constantly? But we have places where
just people are just stuck in their ways
and they just can't get themselves out
of the hole yet they live in the best
country on the planet by far for
opportunity like like okay and how much
does the threshold coming down on a
technology really allow those people to
step in and adopt a technology when they
already haven't taken advantage of the
massive amount of opportunity around
them like th those are questions that I
think will get answered in in this time,
you know. Um,
but I I do think I do think there's
going to have to be some sort of like
nudge at the very least. I don't think
it happens automatically. And and you
know, the other thing I was thinking
about too is like I do think the the
most realistic thing that's going to
happen is that we're going to have
pockets of both. We're going to have
pockets of unbelievable
um
like wealth and happiness and thriving
in places we don't expect
and that we're going to have pockets of
just downright despair in places we
don't expect.
&gt;&gt; I think that's I think that's the most
that's what's going to happen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think that places like New York
are going to get bad. Um, and then I
think, you know,
&gt;&gt; drive, bro.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Well, in in some little small town
in Ohio where they set up a data center
and like you've got this cool little
community and like the rising tide lifts
all boats in the economy there and
&gt;&gt; um everywhere, robots everywhere,
they're getting paid to live from the
tokens, you know, like the dividends
from the data center. It's incredible.
It's going to be incredible.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. token dividends. That That's a a
good termed coin.
&gt;&gt; JD, if you're watching this, tell tell
your boy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Tell him to sell it with the super
intelligence token dividend.
&gt;&gt; Super intelligent token dividends.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. There you go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it's going to be fascinating
to watch. And this is why like I think
that even the United States system, if
you really think about it, like the the
the separation between federal and
states, like if we actually can get to a
point where the federal government can
stay out of the way, let the states run
the experiments. Let let California go
socialist communist. Let New York go
socialist communist. Let Louisiana go
full capitalist. Let them just get every
data center in the place. My guess is
you fast forward 20 years, Louisiana is
going to be a top three state in the
country and then California is going to
lose all their rich people. It's going
to be a hell hole that's going to have
the best weather on the on the planet.
And they're going to they're going to
prevent people from leaving because
their their tax revenue is going to be
so low that they're just basically going
to Berlin wall the entire state. Great.
No, don't leave this beautiful place. We
love you here. Oh, yeah. You're also
going to jail because you've created
super intelligence. You're a bad person.
You know, we'll see. I I think that
would be honestly like the most
optimistic outcome from this whole thing
in my opinion because again, we're going
to have pockets of of wealth and
despair. I would love for that to just
run its course. Just let let and I think
Freedberg on all In had mentioned this
before is like let let them run the
experiment. Just at the but the most
important thing is the federal
government needs to get out of the way.
Just let let them do it. Let them do it.
&gt;&gt; I hope that the federal government
doesn't bail out the state governments
when the state governments go belly up.
Like I think that'll be or however that
gets handled is going to be a big
determining factor in how things move
forward.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Cuz yeah, like there's going to be, you
know, a number of states in
the not too too distant future who do
default on their debts and, you know,
aren't able to
fund all of their obligations. Um, and
that's going to be that's going to be
tough.
&gt;&gt; Yep. 100%. Yeah. Yeah, it's going to be
fascinating to see. But but you know,
&gt;&gt; but that is the beautiful thing about
the United States is that yeah, you can
you can do both. You can get the data
and then people know they're like,
"Nope, living in California right now
sucks balls." And or, you know, maybe
California figures it out and they turn
things around and it goes back to being
one of the best places in the United
States to to live. Like
&gt;&gt; that's an entirely possible thing that's
on the table. But it's all going to be a
matter of policy. And we're going to
see, you know, based on the policy, what
are the outcomes? And
&gt;&gt; and I think we we get to find what the
outcomes of policy are based on the 50
state experiment system that we have in
the United States. And that, you know,
that hard data really helps the United
States overall tack to a more correct
course. Not that it's the correct
course, but relative the United States
tax to a more correct course than almost
any other nation on planet Earth. Um,
and it's because we we have that ability
to try different things and see what
happens and then move forward with what
are the successful experiments, what are
the successful results, how do we do
more of that. Yeah, this is this is why
I want MetaMuse to be unbelievably
successful. This is precisely why
because
if if it becomes unbelievably
successful, which by early signs, bro,
like if you go on the app store and look
at the reviews, that thing's got like
more than 20 times the reviews of
Grothbot, they're both 4.9s and the
reviews are stellar. Fastest downloads
of any app in history, even faster than
Chat GPT. If this actually reaches a
point where people
cannot live without it, then it's very
easy to say data centers
impossible without data centers. Do you
want, you know, do you want
&gt;&gt; go buy your Amazon stock?
&gt;&gt; Go Exactly. Go buy your Amazon stock. Go
buy your Meta stock. Go buy your SpaceX
stock. you know, y tell uh start getting
with your city council or your your
county, you know, representatives and be
like, "How can we get these suckers in
here?"
&gt;&gt; Like, because we want that revenue. We
want those dividends. Dude, I think
there's a legitimate pathway to say, you
know, hey, so and so community, if we
get to set up this data center in your
community, everyone in this community
gets free like 5x usage of these tools
that people are using and loving. Um,
and like you can
&gt;&gt; and we'll pay for water.
&gt;&gt; Yep. And boom. Like the thing is that
these
&gt;&gt; systems are so useful now and that's
like they have crossed that you know I
love um Dave Lee's framework for
products that are you know 10x either
10x cheaper 10x better like metamuse is
just 10x better
&gt;&gt; software than than so than Siri yes or
&gt;&gt; just like so any any software tool that
you used to do a thing before
&gt;&gt; like you had to learn
how to use this tool and then you can
only use this tool to do this one thing
&gt;&gt; narrow
&gt;&gt; metamuse or grobbot
or you know lots of different AI tools
&gt;&gt; or clock patch like call any agentic
harness really
&gt;&gt; yeah you learn to use it you can learn
at your own pace it can teach you how to
use it like the
&gt;&gt; the barrier to using it is lower and
then the things that you can use it to
do way more and so like it's probably
10x easier to learn
&gt;&gt; and 100x more capable in different areas
to do different things.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So I don't know like you have like a
thousand times it's you know it's not a
10x better it's like a thousandx better
software product than almost any other
software product that exists for
consumers.
&gt;&gt; And then if the human LLM is really good
at prompting it's a million times
better. Right? So then you have the
human LLM that you have the neural
network in here that is very good at
identifying
value propositions need in the market
that is very good at prompting the AI to
create something that is actually ultra
useful and then those two things
together and then and then if this in
here is also a great idea generator
forget it forget it you know which which
I I I keep seeing we've talked about it
again in our past in one of our podcasts
is like like if you're if you're
Autistic, bro. Oh, man. Like, if every
autistic person in the United States
isn't a multi-millionaire by the end of
this decade, they're doing something
wrong.
So, all the autist out there,
&gt;&gt; hey, when you're autistic, it's easy to
OCD on something wrong.
&gt;&gt; This is
I can't get this color to be exactly
this hex code.
So, I'm going to spend two years
figuring out the best tool possible to
make the color on this corner exactly
the color that I would want at any given
point. Anyway, yeah, it's it's going to
be fascinating. It's going to be
fascinating to see where we're going.
But yeah, I do think this is why I this
is why I bought Meta Stock when Metamuse
like was announced and like it it was uh
you know it's a signal to me that
these things are becoming ultra capable
and it's like okay so like are Google
and Apple going to do their own thing?
They should. I mean, if they don't,
like, shame on them, honestly. Like,
every Android phone, like why why isn't
Android and Apple, why aren't their OSs
like an O omi, whatever you want to call
it? Omari. Omi. How do you pronounce it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's spelled Omari, but it's
pronounced Omachi. Like, O.
&gt;&gt; Why is there an R in there?
&gt;&gt; C E.
&gt;&gt; Whose idea was this? Omachi.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. An autist.
So, so like why doesn't Apple by now
they should have released a in-house
like that was built on anyway I can go
down down the path of this but it we're
we're very close to these gamechanging
tools being everywhere that massively
increase productivity massively increase
efficiency massively increase value
generation and allows humans with agency
to become come significantly more
wealthy, significantly more productive,
and have significantly more fun, and be
significantly more optimistic. I think
we can use ourselves as an example
because I I feel so unbelievably
optimistic about the end result of where
we're going. My open question is the
transition, and it always has been the
transition since we very early started
talking about this. It's like just
something in my gut tells me it's going
to be rocky. It's going to be rocky. The
end result is great, but the how we get
here from point A to point B looks odd.
But the more and more of these things
come down to the everyday person, the
better because it creates more and more
people that want this future and you
have this forcing like people have to
adapt to techn adopt the technology for
us to have a good end result and if
people don't adopt the technology we're
not.
&gt;&gt; So the more people adopt it, the better
the end results.
But this is where I come back to, you
know, having great consumer products
where people are using AI every day and
they love it. That's a huge adoption
piece.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then if you combine that with
the the tooling also getting good enough
for entrepreneurs to create more more
goods, more services with this stuff to
where not only, you know, are people
using
Metamuse, but it's also,
you know, helping to
power other, you know, like they have an
accountant who uses AI and gives them
great budgeting. and bookkeeping
services and helps them make a bunch
more money and it only costs you like
$20 a month to have this person who's a
freaking tax wizard to help you make
money and save money. Um,
and that person can do that because he's
doing that for you and a million other
people and he makes a ton of money like
that type of stuff. I think there's so
much, you know, there there are more
than enough people here in the United
States who have that agency, that drive,
that vision.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, even if it's only 5% of the
population, that's still a lot of
people. And the surface area of things
that they can do with this technology is
so huge, like we're just going to be
drowning in a sea of of new products and
new services. Um and then especially if
people who are overseas can start
businesses here um through you know
digital businesses here um and you see
that happening as well to where not only
are you benefiting from all the
entrepreneurial people that live in the
United States
&gt;&gt; but you're also benefiting from the
Americans who just happen to live in
Cambodia or Vietnam or you know Croatia
or wherever. Yeah. in, you know, Kenya,
Tanzania, like that those people can
learn this technology just as much as
anyone else on the planet and they can
start doing their thing and they can
start selling those services in the
United States to people who can afford
them and making money and then we get to
benefit from that as well.
&gt;&gt; 100%.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that that's going to be
really exciting.
&gt;&gt; And then we're not even talking about
the physical world. So if if we're if
we're if we're able to get through this
sort of 2 to 5 year period where the
digital AI
actually creates
optimism and value and wealth for the
everyday person in opportunity
like especially like I think optimism is
probably the root
level thing these technologies have to
create is optimism because if you're
optimist you're more willing to work
hard and if you're more willing to work
hard, the higher the chances that you're
going to be able to leverage these tools
to actually generate value. So if you
but if you're not optimistic, you're not
going to do that, right? So I think this
is why Elon always like talks about
optimism. Optimism is because that's
really like but but if the products and
services and this is why the Tesla
community and people that follow Musk
industry are generally extremely
optimistic people because they can take
you know and a lot of people confused
for cultism which some of them are.
Let's not let's be honest.
&gt;&gt; But like but generally huge percentage
of the people that follow these stories
closely are just very optimistic people
because they can see the technologies
and how they will impact society
positively and they get really excited
about the prospect of having a society
that where these technologies exist
because technologies by and large are
humongous positives for civilization.
Right? So
once we survive that digital the the
digital transition and we start getting
into the physical transition, then if
you if you thought the digital
transition was great, wait until you see
the physical one. Wait until you see it
literally in front of your face and you
have, you know, humanoids helping you
with whatever you could ever conceive.
And they are unbelievably affordable and
they are unbelievably high quality. And
they just they they just literally
transform the world around you
physically and they help you with things
&gt;&gt; and they make things easier. They help
you build things, you know. It's like it
it becomes it's just it it's not sci-fi.
That's the crazy thing. It is not
sci-fi. This is real. This is just
actuators and neural networks getting
really good. And when actuators and
neural networks get really good, you
will have autonomous systems that
execute on what humans want in the
digital and physical world. It's just
engineering at that point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know,
&gt;&gt; I'm I don't know. I just had a weird
thought that I'm I'm not sure how
bullish I am on
electromechanical robots.
um
just because I know that like there's
there's a definitely huge opportunity
ahead for them and
they're they're going to have a
stint of success and especially in the
not like I think I'm super excited about
humanoid robots. I think that's probably
in the 3 to 5 year time frame before we
really start to see that get traction.
Um,
I'm a lot more excited about where
drones are at right now. Like, uh,
Zipline is an amazing company. I think
that they're going to do phenomenal. Um,
I think that that is going to like
&gt;&gt; people are going to have packages
delivered by drones through the air in
the not too distant future and that's
just going to like take over all over
the place. Um, it's going to drive down
the cost of transportation of things
inside cities and metros. that's going
to be awesome. So, like that's that's
one example of an area where robots are
going to do really cool in the near
term. Um, there's going to be others,
but I think that what's happening right
now with AI and biology and proteins and
&gt;&gt; stuff like I think we're going to
be able to do like uh cyborg basically
robots that are hybrid, you know,
electromechanical,
biological
things
and I think that we're we'll be able to
do that sooner than we expect and the
the problems of just going pure
electromechanical are so high that I
think that the the capabilities of doing
things biologically are probably going
to
meet a lot of use cases before
uh robots can get to them. Can you can
you walk us through a practical example?
Is it like literally a a a machine that
is actually made of tissue?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Like I mean I think the human hand
is a great example of something that
biology has solved that we're not
anywhere close to solving that problem
in robotics yet. Like we can make hands
that maybe, you know, it's it's the
number of different things that a hand
does all at the same time that is so
hard. Like can you make a hand this size
that has this amount of freedom of
movement? Sure. What's behind that?
And how long can it run? How long does
it take to break down? Um how much does
it weigh? How much power does it use? So
to be as energy efficient and able to
selfheal
and do all kinds of, you know, crazy
manipulative tasks. Um the the amount of
feeling and sensing that you have in
here, like
&gt;&gt; all of those things. That's why there's
just such a hard problem. It's like even
if we can get one Well, and then cost is
the other deal. Like maybe you can make
a hand like this
that operates reliably and
energy efficiently and it fits inside
this form factor and it doesn't weigh a
million tons and and all those things
and it has all the sensing capability
and all that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Like maybe you can do that, but
that thing's going to cost you $10,000
uh like per finger or something, you
know, like you're talking about hundreds
of thousands of dollars to make one of
those that's actually able to do useful
work for like five years before it
breaks down because that's, you know,
this is the area that almost no one
talks about about hands is like, okay,
if you make it, then you got to be able
to use it. Once you're using it, how
long does it take? There's this, it's
called meanantime between failures. How
long does it take before your hand
breaks down? And then when it breaks
down, how much does it cost to fix on
average? And you know, if you can make a
hand for $100,000
um and it doesn't break down for 5
years, that's a lot more useful for you
than a hand that cost you $10,000 to
make up front, but it breaks down every
month and it costs $1,000 to fix it
every time it breaks down. Um, and so
like those are anyways those are hard
things. And whereas like do we really
think that five years from now we can't
just grow like a legit hand?
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; probably.
Now, how do you the the interface
between the mechanical system and the
biological system? I don't know how
that's going to work, but I think that
those problems are
&gt;&gt; just nerve endings. They send they send
signals, right, in signals. Yeah. Like I
mean what we've got with Yeah.
Neuralink. Um
&gt;&gt; so I I think those interfaces are going
to to exist.
Well, I mean, but but so the end result
there is regardless of how we get there,
you're going to have a form factor
regardless of what the materials are
that are used to literally build a robot
or whatever this autonomous system where
you're going to be able to talk to it
with human language and it's going to be
able to execute actions at a fraction of
a fraction of a fraction of the cost of
what a human would have would have asked
for their exchange for their time.
&gt;&gt; That's just that's just a fact, right?
So even even if all these companies are
able to make a $50,000 hand that you
know that lasts five years, let's say,
or $100,000, that's still going to be,
you know, if if the hand is
uh 95% of the cost of the robot, which
is going to be at that point, right?
Because the rest of it shouldn't be that
hard relative to the hand. That's still
going to be worth it for
millions of applications. So the economy
is still going to get unbelievably more
productive, but it's like at that point
you're just talking about just writing
down the cost curve and doing
innovations on material or material
science I guess technically, right? But
instead of using like um you know you
use biology to solve for that instead of
whatever material science, right?
&gt;&gt; So it's I mean
&gt;&gt; it is but like it's biology and it's
material science at the same time.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; brand new industry.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The other area where this works
is, you know, when you want to make
things smaller and smaller and smaller,
like there are lots of biological
machines that are, you know,
microscopic, way smaller than anything
that we can build. And once you solve
proteins and and biology, you can you
can build little tiny machines that can
do the same jobs that things that are
thousands of times bigger can do. Um,
when you're working in electromechanical
land, again,
&gt;&gt; it's crazy.
Yeah. So, okay. So, so back to your
optimism angle. How can somebody not get
optimistic about that? Well, no. The So,
we're going to go from AI is going to
kill us all to it is immoral.
It is immoral to have these machines
that will eventually look like humans.
It's going to be uh Xmachina.
It's just going to be Xmachina.
So, then the conversation becomes as is
Xmachina bad? The movie was very bad and
the no spoilers I guess. Uh, but
&gt;&gt; I've never seen it actually.
&gt;&gt; Dude, you Oh my god. Okay. Can you make
time today to watch the movie, please?
&gt;&gt; Uh, probably not. I have I have a lot of
things to do today, but yes,
&gt;&gt; drop everything you have to do. Watch
the No. Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah, it's um
it's just unbelievable. It is
unbelievable. It's like for me it's it's
I can't help but be excited about the
possibilities, you know, especially if
we if if generally speaking, this is
plugged in. Why did this turn off?
Generally speaking, humans seem to have
gotten really good at um deploying
technology safely in almost all
situations. Even when we do something
stupid like making nuclear bombs,
&gt;&gt; you know, we're still we're still not
all dead.
&gt;&gt; So even when we have the key to kill
everything, we don't.
&gt;&gt; So that's a pretty good that's a
&gt;&gt; I thought we were being optimistic,
honest. What the hell? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um but yeah,
&gt;&gt; I really do like Peter Teal's um framing
though on, you know, optimism versus
pessimism. I don't want to be just like
blindly optimistic. And because what he
says is true that
&gt;&gt; if you're if you're too optimistic, then
you don't work hard to make the
optimistic thing happen.
&gt;&gt; And if you're too pessimistic,
&gt;&gt; you don't do anything. And so like you
know both extreme optimism and extreme
pessimism lead to doing nothing and
that's the one thing that we can't do
like we have to lean in and we have to
do things. And so I think like
&gt;&gt; on the optimistic side of leaning in and
working hard is the like correct
um orientation. And I think that's the
correct orientation for individuals. I
think that's the correct orientation for
civilizations as a whole. Um, which
means there is room for, you know, like
the conversation needs to happen between
the extreme optimists and the extreme
pessimists and that has to happen. Um,
but as far as, you know, the majority of
people, it is happening.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I think that that is, you know, one
of the things like get, you know, get
the pessimism out there like, oh, we're
all going to die and then, you know,
hype.
&gt;&gt; Okay. We're having we're having the
conversation and then you know what we
get over you know what we're not all
going to die like
&gt;&gt; we can say it people can believe it but
like as a society do we believe it? No.
Like
&gt;&gt; society doesn't seriously believe that
we're all going to die.
&gt;&gt; And
I think that's healthy that we we have
the conversation, we entertain the
possibilities, we look at the data and
we're like probably not. I think the
most sensible path forward
is that we do, you know, this other
thing. And that's what we're And then
like when you see the people that are
saying we're all going to die and then
you watch what they're doing versus what
they're saying, their actions say,
"Yeah, we're we're going to build it
anyways." So
&gt;&gt; yeah, exactly. Yeah, I agree. I I do
think I do think that that the huge
positive from the time that we live in
is that we are having those discussions
actually, frankly. Yep.
&gt;&gt; You know, like if if you just go like
what I've what I've enjoyed watching is
like I go kind of back and forth between
these like doomer podcasts and these
optimist podcasts, right? Um for some
reason Breaking Points has turned into
like doomer propaganda. What a
disappointment that entire thing has
been. Anyway, whatever. Um it's just so
weird. Um but but you've had these like
um
&gt;&gt; they're good on some things, but they're
really
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they're good on some things for
sure. They're not all bad, but it's just
on this AI one, it's just so obviously
so one-sided. It's kind of insane. It's
just like, guys, come on.
&gt;&gt; Let's be more objective.
&gt;&gt; Um, but but again, but there is value in
that because you can actually understand
what the what the framing is that
they're coming from. And then you can
say, okay, so these are your concerns.
These are your uh historical trends that
you're analyzing that lead you to this.
these are the current events that are
leading you to this that this trust that
you have that will get us here the whole
social media thing right to your point
like hey people use social media a lot
to say that AI is going to be bad you
know these these tech billionaires have
done bad things in the past so they're
going to do it again even though one
could argue that the social media thing
is like maybe you shouldn't have had
your kids in front of a freaking iPad
when they were growing up. Did you try
that? Maybe not. Maybe that was too hard
to do because again you have two jobs
and you're always tired. I get it. like
the system the system created the
environment for sticking machines in
front of your kids' faces. I get it.
Like it's it's there's no right answer
here, I guess. But it is good to have
both angles out and about for sure. And
I think that is the signal that actually
says we're probably trending towards the
good side because I like
I feel like every angle is getting
covered. Knock on wood. What's going to
take us by surprise? We've already
talked about rogue agents. We've talked
about this thing killing us all and uh
you know weapons and uh getting a hold
of a lab to put a contagion out there,
etc., etc., etc., etc., like like we've
covered all our bases, it seems. And the
society is leading from the fear side
first,
&gt;&gt; you know, and then the optimistic side
actually is trying to gain traction
through products and services released
that materially improve people's lives.
So if anything, this is the best case
scenario for adoption of a positive
future instead of a negative one because
we're starting from the we're starting
from a place of distrust.
&gt;&gt; And so now the onus is on the businesses
to prove the society wrong.
which
&gt;&gt; should lead to a better outcome.
&gt;&gt; Honestly, I mean I know we've talked
about this so much today already, but
that's one of the reasons why I am
excited about MetaMuse is because it's
it is surprising to me. Like I did not
expect
&gt;&gt; Meta to lean into personal agents to
deliver this product to put it in the
hands of millions of people at this
point probably and like eventually it
will reach billions of people's hands
like that's
of all the companies that could there's
so many reasons that this makes sense
like obviously Mark Zuckerberg is in
control of
Meta Facebook
&gt;&gt; he can pivot that company he's excited
about artificial intelligence like he's
seen like
&gt;&gt; obviously this is the company that can
and should do this they have the
distribution u like they have the the AI
chops they have the data center capacity
you know they can partner oh earlier I'm
this is a brief aside earlier I said buy
your Amazon stock the reason I said that
and I don't know that a lot of people
understand this is that Amazon is
absorbing like all the overflow AI
compute demand that's coming from
Facebook. So like if you are bullish on
the usage of Metamuse
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; that is going to flow through to the
Amazon P&amp;L very well. And I think that
you know a lot of people are thinking oh
no Metamuse isn't going to be able to
buy you things on Amazon. That's bearish
for Amazon.
&gt;&gt; Well they make a lot of money. maybe
foregoing yeah a few cents of revenue on
that Amazon sale so that they can bring
a truckload of money in the back door
from AWS. So um but anyways that I think
because we do live in this skeptical
millu of like bad things are going to
happen and we don't know what those good
positive things are that are going to
show up but somebody's going to do them
like the the incentive
is just hang out like you can make
boatloads of cash. The internet now
allows you to deliver delightful
products and services to thousands of
people,
&gt;&gt; millions, billions of people in an
instant all around the world. And if you
can make something that is useful for a
billion people, I guarantee you, you are
going to make so much money. And so,
we've got lots and lots of people all
around the world that are thinking about
how to do that. And so even though like
you don't necessarily
say I you know what I bet you two months
from now that Mark Zuckerberg he's going
to release a product that's going to
blow everyone's mind and now you know a
million people are going to be loving an
AI product. Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; I think we're going to be seeing more
and more and more of those types of
thing. Like we need to see the Snapchat
and the um Instagram
and the
uh
Uber
&gt;&gt; WhatsApp. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
&gt;&gt; WhatsApp of like of AI. And obviously,
you know, I think that Cyber Cab is the
Uber of AI. Um, but there's going to be,
you know, lots of these different
things. Just like we saw when we had
mobile and cloud all sorts of new
products and services arrive, we're
going to be seeing new products and
services arrive in all kinds of
categories, too. And Metamuse is just
like the first installment of that for
mass consumer market.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Unbelievably exciting.
Unbelievably exciting. And then and then
the one thing I'm I'm thinking through
too is like the the the
rewards program. I posted about this
earlier for Grockbot too. This actually
opens up this fascinating discussion.
So, if you're not familiar, Grock is
basically SpaceX's Metam Muse, but it's
it's normie, but it's not nor as normie
friendly as Muse and it's the
distribution is a lot smaller. But,
they've set up this like uh creator
program where if you share your bots
with other people when they use them and
they download them that SpaceX will
actually pay you proportional to how
much people are using your bots and
stuff. So all of a sudden now you're
creating this ecosystem for people to be
productive and you reward them for being
productive and then SpaceX has
essentially like outsourced.
SpaceX has outsourced uh the creation of
usefulness to individuals and those
individuals are creating tools using
their tokens and their data centers for
other people to benefit from and they're
basically sharing in they're sharing the
the profits with anybody who is
creating. It's like it's like
democratize meritocracy for
productivity.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Well, and it's the exact playbook
that PayPal used early on to reward,
&gt;&gt; you know, people for sharing PayPal and
signing up new people. You know, Elon
was there at that time for those that
don't know that. And PayPal like that
was original.
&gt;&gt; It's closer to YouTube.
&gt;&gt; Well, it is. Yeah, it is like YouTube in
a lot of ways. Um,
I think it's exactly like YouTube. But
&gt;&gt; the reason that I brought up PayPal
specifically though was because it was
the very first truly viral
&gt;&gt; marketing campaign that used that um
that little financial incentive.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; To get people to share a thing virally.
Um but yes, so
&gt;&gt; I do I'm curious what your like how is
it similar to YouTube? Draw me the
&gt;&gt; ecosystem. It's an ecosystem where the
creators fill that ecosystem with value.
So in YouTube, you and I make videos to
put on their platform. YouTube doesn't
make videos. All of us make videos and
then they share the profits in
displaying ads on those videos. Grockbot
is exactly the same, but for
productivity, people create useful bots.
They share it through the Grockbot
ecosystem. And then the more people use
and download your products, the more
money you make because SpaceX now
distributes the tokens they've
generated. the revenue they're generated
from the tokens from people using
Grockbot with you because otherwise like
people wouldn't use Grockbot but they're
using it because people are you making
useful bots whereas you know where where
metamuse is very interesting because
Metamuse is just metamuse
&gt;&gt; it's like hey I am your helpful robot or
whatever but Grogbot is like no it's
like
&gt;&gt; it's it's fascinating it's like this is
a tailor made thing that I'm trying to
solve for this thing you by the way if
you all use my thing then y'all can
benefit from the thing I'm using and
SpaceX is saying create more things
because we'll if more people use it
we'll pay you
&gt;&gt; you know
&gt;&gt; yeah and the end result is GDP growth
like more videos are going to get made
more valuable social media is going to
get made you know more
&gt;&gt; learning content yeah more like all all
kinds of different products and services
that people are going to use um are
going to get made than
&gt;&gt; used to be made and they're going to be
at lower prices and so people are going
to just have more options for services
to consume at lower prices than they've
ever had before. And you know, even Mark
Zuckerberg recognizes this and so like
Muse is the consumerf facing version.
They're doing Muse Enterprise. So
they're also going to be helping
businesses adopt the same exact
technology to do the types of things
that Grockbot is doing as well. Um, and
I think that's just going to be a huge
tailwind to the economy, a huge tailwind
to productivity, a huge tailwind to GDP
growth. Like these are the things that
unfortunately we absolutely need to
have. Well, and I mean the nice thing is
everyone is feeling the economic crunch
&gt;&gt; and so everyone's trying to figure out,
hey, what's the next side hustle that I
can do?
&gt;&gt; And hey, Grockbot and Muse uh are going
to be side hustle mania for things that
you can do to make some extra side
money.
&gt;&gt; I can feel the incentive, you know? I
can feel the incentive. It's like, okay,
do I do I uh do consultancy,
which I could very well do, or do I make
banger bots and then distribute it to
hundreds of millions of people?
I feel like the banger bot is a lot more
fun because I don't have to like
actually interface with humans, you
know? Even though I would love to I
would I would love to like solve
problems for other people, but maybe
I'll solve problems for them by just
Yeah, just download my bot, bro. So,
you're good. Just download my bot. It's
like what a what a brilliant it's like
the more I think about it the more like
it's an ecosystem for productivity.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; It's an ecosystem
&gt;&gt; where GDP growth is the final output,
&gt;&gt; dude.
Great.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's exciting. What a what a weird
time we live in. What a weird time we
live in. Wow.
Crazy.
&gt;&gt; Welcome to the future. here just
unevenly distributed.
&gt;&gt; Like and subscribe.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Cool.