Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Nvidia Drops Earnings, Tesla Launches Cyber Cabs, Bessent Buys Bonds!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyDAOpeSvrE
Published:   2026-08-24 01:54 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-24 03:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Is the bond market sending a warning
signal to the stock market? What's Scott
Besson actually up to? And this week,
Kevin Worsh, Fed Chairman, will have a
chance to deliver his first keynote
speech at Jackson Hole since becoming
Fed Chair. Will this be a clearing out
event? And JP Morgan put a very
interesting study together that shows us
what the stock market has done after
every midterm election since 1954.
You're going to want to see this. And
maybe the main event for this week,
Nvidia has their earnings. Will this be
signal or will this be noise? And is
there any precursors already out there?
And finally, Tesla. We have been waiting
for this moment and Tesla is finally
awakening. Let's discuss.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy.
&gt;&gt; I need to be honest with all of you
before I start today's video. I have
spent the last 5 hours trying to record
this video. Let me tell you what
happened. First, I sat here. I started
recording. Maybe I was about 30 minutes
into it, about 3 hours into prep work.
Sit down, start recording, got the
lights on, got the camera going,
recording, and then boom, power goes
out. Frustrated, I waited about 30
minutes, an hour, just waiting to see
the power comes back on. Sure enough, it
didn't. To make things worse, we have a
generator, but guess what? It hasn't
been certified yet. So, even though it's
there and the gas tank's full, we can't
use it right now because it's locked out
because, well, it hasn't been certified,
so we can't use it yet. So, what do I
have to do? Well, I decided, you know
what? Let's have some fun. Let's go to a
local bourbon bar that I used to go to
all the time when we were working on
construction on this house and maybe pay
a little nostalgia and show you guys a
little bit about what I would do after
work when I would go and uh work on a
few things. So, I go there, take all my
equipment set up there, lots of people
around, noise, all that. But, you know,
I'm making it work. Only to finish that
up, come back home, ready to try and
upload it. And guess what? The audio
files corrupted.
&gt;&gt; 18 midterms since 1954. Okay, you guys
are going to think I'm nuts.
&gt;&gt; And so, here I am now, 6:52 p.m.
Eastern. This video should be going out
right now. Instead, here I am trying
once again to get this out. So, let's
see if this time it works. This is not
going to be a highly edited version
because I need to get this out. I want
to get it out. I'm gonna do my best to
not say too much stupid and just
get through this. Let's get into it. And
I got my coffee here and you can hear my
son screaming. So, sounds like it's
bedtime. That's a new pitch. First thing
I have here on my list for the third
time is I want to talk about the
situation right now in the
straightforward moves with Iran. Over
the weekend, what we heard was that the
Iranian president.
That's some crazy screaming, guys.
Is he okay?
I'll be right back. We'll keep all this
in.
I can't make this up. What a day. All
right. So,
we're not going to cover anything today.
Uh, so I just my son was screaming and
it was more than normal. So, I went out
there to see what's going on. And my
wife's holding him. Figured he might
have just bumped his head again cuz he's
learning how to crawl and everything.
And and I asked her like, "Is he okay?"
And I'm like rubbing his back and she's
like, "Yeah, I think he might have
bumped his head somewhere or like rubbed
his knee too hard." Look at his face and
it's covered in blood. And it looks like
he might have like accidentally like
with his like little new teeth like
maybe like cut his tongue a little bit
or something. But man, first time seeing
our son bleed. That's kind of wild to
see. Okay. All right, guys. Ah, man. All
right. Let's We're good. Everything's
good. He's okay. Wife's okay. Everyone's
good. We're good. And we're going to get
this done. I don't care what happens.
You're not going to stop us from getting
this done. Why don't we just take a look
at the markets right now? Okay, listen.
I had everything planned here. We're
just We're going to switch things up.
We're going to make this more loosey
goosey. Maybe that's what we need. Maybe
we need a little more loosey goosey to
get things straight. But listen, we're
going to persevere. We're going to get
through it no matter what. Come on.
Let's see some green here for the week.
Okay. Uh nope. Uh what a little bit.
Okay. Flat. Everything's flat. Okay.
Treasury secretary to announce Iran Iran
sack sanctions as Tran dismisses
economic warfare threat. Okay. Yada
yada. Okay. Nothing really new. And you
know, honestly, by the time we're done
with this, we'll probably have the stock
market opening, like actual tickers
opening. So, let's just keep going.
Okay, let's talk about Iran. We're This
is not going to be edited. All right, so
Iran, I guess on Friday, the president
came out and he was talking about
wanting or saying that it would make
sense to end the war now while Tran is
ahead. So, the idea from his point of
view is like, hey, we have kind of like
a little bit of a moral victory. uh
we've shown that the US maybe isn't as
strong or like we could hold them off
because straightforward moves. We found
their weak spot kind of thing. So, we
might as well end it now while we're
ahead. Meanwhile, we know that the IRGC
says no. Hell no. We're never going to
stop. We're never going to bend the
knee. Yada yada yada. Right. So, that's
the the current landscape. Meanwhile,
Meanwhile, uh this was interesting and I
would post it up here normally, but I'm
just not even going to bother, guys. I
got to get this out. It says here, "Iran
appears to be losing its grip on the
straight of Hormoose while traffic
through the critical waterway has
exploded in a good way by nearly 400%
over the last two weeks as ships
increasingly used a US back corridor to
cross. Nearly 200 ships navigated the
straight last week, up from 150 the
previous week and just 42 weeks earlier.
According to the data from the UK
Maritime Trade Operations Center, the
surge brings total traffic along the
passage route to about 20% of the
pre-war levels uh through which uh
roughly 20% of the world's seabboard oil
flowed uh in peace time. Okay. So, this
is interesting because it's it's a good
sign that we're getting oil through
there. While we also know that countries
are starting to find other supplies,
other routes, whether it's through
pipelines or just other avenues, we have
Venezuela coming online. The US is
producing more. China's using less. So,
the world's kind of rebalancing with
this new normal. So, again, I still
think this whole oil situation isn't as
much of a situation as many in the
market want it to be. All right. So, I
just want to touch that because it does
affect the markets and we can't ignore
it. I know it it like gets a little
political there and not that I'm one to
shy from politics. Obviously, you guys
probably see me on Randy like I don't
you know I'll speak my mind. Uh but I
don't like I I care about investing and
the reason I bring this stuff up is
because it has an impact on investing
and especially with tradings. Now, let's
talk about Bessant and bonds. Over the
past week, we saw Scott Besson, our
Treasury Secretary, come out and say
that he is going to go ahead and double
the amount of bond uh repurchases that
they're going to do from 2 billion to 4
billion. Now, to understand what's
happening, to understand what's
happening here, we need to understand
why he's doing this, what the risks are
of him doing this, and what happens if
he comes out ahead. Let's start off
first with why he's currently doing
this. Okay. Right now, Treasury
Secretary Besson has three really
tactics he can use to calm down the the
bond market. So, one, he can do buybacks
like he's doing. Two, he can, as I say,
jaw boning, meaning he can try to talk
it down, like say it with force and
threats and beating it, beat it down. or
he could switch up how he gives issuance
between instead of just doing all
long-term, he could do a mix of
long-term and short-term. So, those are
really the three things that he has at
his disposal. Okay. Meanwhile, the bond
market has been signaling, you know,
going higher. So, the yields have been
going higher and higher in the third
year on the long term. So, when we talk
about bonds, really we're talking about
the long term. We're talking about 10 20
30. Okay? When we talk about um uh notes
or bills, uh what we're really talking
about are short-term like zero to one
year, two to five year type uh type
durations. And so what happens is the
longer term duration obviously have
higher yields. And higher yields are
good for bond investors, but they're not
good for the US government who wants to
have low interest payments. They're not
good for people who are getting
mortgages. It's not good for small
businesses that are trying to get loans.
All right. Again, I know it's not a sexy
topic, but everybody really needs to
learn this because if you can learn to
read the bond market, it gives you
insight into the stock market and it
make can make you better at investing,
can make you better at trading options,
it really gives a window into what's
happening in the markets. You can't just
sit there and be a one-trick pony with
stocks or options or the bond market.
You really have to understand the whole
picture there. So, so hopefully this
really helps you guys out. Okay, so
here's what's Besson's doing. Bessant
right now is worried, let's say, about
the 30-year going up higher. Right now,
it's about a 5.27%.
Now, what's he really worried about?
What he's really worried about is the
national uh interest rate going up on
our on our debt. So, right now, we have
a debt of 40 trillion. We just passed
that last week. And we on aggregate pay
about 3 I think 77 3.44 44 something
something around there percent on all of
our debt. Every year a portion of that
of those of that debt has to get
refinanced or it it has to roll over
into new treasuries that are now at
higher yields versus what they were in
the past. And this will slowly have our
national interest rate going higher and
higher and higher, which means that
we're spending more of our of our annual
budget on the interest payments. So,
they're always trying to work on keeping
that low. Now, why is this happening?
Why do we have the 30-year going so much
higher, the 20 year going higher, etc.
Well, Bessant believes that there are
three factors to it. Number one, he
thinks, well, some of it's just that
summertime, so there's low liquidity.
When there's low liquidity, guess what?
You'll have higher yields because
there's less demand and there's too much
supply. So, when there's too much, uh,
supply, uh, then there's not enough
buyers. Well, guess what? You're going
to have to, you know, you have to offer
higher yields to entice the buyers to
step in. So, that's one thing. The other
one is that he thinks that there is this
this delayed or this um this effect from
the Iran war. This co this uh this worry
that's inside of the bond markets that
could it could lead to inflation. It
could lead to a longer war, a forever
war. People have PTSD from their Iraq uh
conflict. So that's a big part of it as
well. And Besson thinks this is a bit
dislocated. And then the third one is
the excessive and just out of nowhere
issuance of corporate debt. Remember
corporate debt, all this excess that
we're seeing is actually tied back to
the AI infrastructure buildout, right?
So all these companies are issuing debt
or issuing bonds to raise capital. So
then they can give their money to the
energy companies, to the companies that
own the land, to the Nvidas, to the
Microns, to the Sandis. You get the
picture. So because of that there is a
contention between US treasuries and
these these more than normal corporate
uh bonds that are being sold and because
of that that leaves less buyers for the
US treasuries and they're going over to
corporate debt. So that's another impact
here. So, Besson is essentially saying
that he thinks right now the 30-year is
dislocated and we do not want to lock in
long-term rates at or long-term debt at
these rates. and his bet is that, hey, I
would rather go ahead and buy back some
of these long-term bonds that we have,
and then issue short-term debt, which
will be at a lower rate, and wait for
things to get a little more normalized.
Wait for the Iran uh fatigue, the Iran
uh let's say extra kicker that we have
on these yields to go away. wait for
summer to go get over and have uh more
buyers come back into the market to get
more liquidity and wait because he
doesn't think that the corporate debt
the corporate um borrow or uh loans are
going to continue to flow at this record
a break neck record pace and I think he
might be wrong about that one but
everything else kind of makes sense. So,
his bet is, "Hey, let's kick this can
down the road. Let's issue short-term
debt, short-term uh notes. That way, in
about a year from now, we can refinance
it at that long-term at a lower rate
rather than this 5.2%. Maybe it'll be
back at a 4.5 and that would be better
and that would make more sense." So,
that's kind of his bet. Now, where could
he be wrong? Like, how could he get
screwed? So Bessant and the United
States would get screwed if that doesn't
pan out. If in fact the opposite
happens, let's say that inflation really
starts to kick in and let's say that the
Fed is forced to raise rates and let's
say that all rates start to go up. This
would be a problem because now where
Best could have locked in a 30-year uh
rate at 5.2% 2% and now maybe the 30
years is up at 6% 7% 8%. And meanwhile
that short term that has to get
essentially refinanced every single year
is maybe now at a 5% 6%. So now he's
fighting for a five or six when he could
have locked that in for a third year.
That is the risk that Bessant has. And
it's a real possibility but I don't
think it's how this is going to play
out. Again, when you think about
Bessant, you have to understand that
this is what he does. This is how he
made his money. He is one with the
markets. He has, as he says himself,
asymmetric information because of the
seat he's in. And so, I don't think he's
doing this for no reason. He's also
while while at the same time using that
ability he has to buy back those bonds
and issue shorter. Keep in mind, this
doesn't mean that they're creating new
money. There's not, this is not
inflationary. They're not creating uh
they're not printing money. All they're
doing is moving money from this bucket
to that bucket. And so what happens is
instead of having a 30-year fixed
mortgage, if you will, what he has is a
loan that's one year, and every single
year he's going to have to refinance
that loan, refinance that loan, and he
better hope that the rates don't get
higher than what they would have been
otherwise. That's the game he's playing.
Meanwhile, the real fear that that
everyone should have is understanding
that if our interest rate gets too high
for our debt, then we're in a lot of
trouble. The real math that you want to
make sure you understand is R verse G.
So, the rate verse growth. Growth needs
to be bigger than the rate. Right now,
our rate, like I said, is about 3.44.
and our growth is around six to 7%
nominal versus the 3.44 in our rates.
All right, as long as that's the
balance, we're good. It's it's really
not a big deal. The big deal is that our
deficit keeps growing and eventually
that 3.44 will catch up to that 5 to 6%
or god forbid that 5 to 6% in growth
ever has a fall below our rates, then
we're in very big trouble. But as long
as we are growing faster than the rate,
we should be good for now. Now, of
course, we need to get the deficit in
check because if that keeps growing,
then we're just a taking time ticking
time bomb here. But if we can if we can
get our deficit in line and we can keep
growing and maybe maybe even refining
some of this debt, we would be perfectly
fine. We could do this for a long time
and it would sustain. So, so, so really
what Besson's trying to do is not lock
in long-term debt at a high yield when
he thinks currently the market's
dislocated. So, that does make sense.
Okay. So, then we also have this uh
coming up week we've got uh Kevin Worsh
and he's going to be speaking at Jackson
Hole and this will be interesting how
this plays in conjunction with Besson.
So, normally, keep in mind when it comes
to what Besson's doing, normally you see
the Fed do that, but instead Besson's
doing it, not the Fed. Kevin Wars is
going to have his first keynote speech
this coming up uh Friday at Jackson
Hole. And this is normally normal Fed
meeting, you know, big thing. and Kevin
Wars will give a keynote speech there
where he will have a chance to set the
stage for what he sees down the line and
this for a Fed Fed chair and a Fed in
general that won't be speaking to us as
much. This is going to be a very
important meeting. So, you'll want to
keep an eye on this and or you want to
listen in on this to see what he does.
Is he going to lean hawkish? Is he going
to lean doubbish? Is he going to try to
strike a chord between both? Right now,
we actually have seen some pretty
deflationary prints recently. At the
same time, we see what bonds are doing.
We see rates are doing. So, it's very
conflicting. For this next part, for you
guys to to really benefit from what
we're going to talk about next, which is
we're kind of getting away from the non-
sexy stuff and we're getting into the
sexy stuff. And I'm going to say sexy a
lot because this next stuff is pretty
sexy. This is where I will go ahead and
talk about the options crash course.
Guys, if you want to be capital
efficient and actually take advantage of
what we're about to talk about, this is
where you need to learn how to properly
use options. All right, I'm not going to
plug it too long. Just letting you guys
know if the you want to make 1 to 4% on
your portfolio, right? So, if you have a
million dollars, if you have 100,000, if
you have 10,000, if you want to make 1
to 4% per month on that, that's what I
teach in the options crash course. Just
go look at my ex. Pretty much everyone's
sitting there posting right now saying
that they made their money back already.
It's literally not that expensive. You
can make your money back literally in
less than a week. Probably in your first
trade, you make your money back. It's
very very good ROI. I I can't say
recommend it enough. Obviously, I'm
going to recommend it. Sorry, I'm
delusional here, but I'm telling you
right now, it's high fidelity. You're
going to learn so much. No one else does
anything like this. I engage with you.
We talk. We go back and forth. We
collaborate. I make sure you understand
the topics. I make sure that you
understand. It's very Socratic. I I like
to engage. It's not just me talking at
you. That's boring as hell. I'd fall
asleep during that. It's it's the idea
is to make sure that everyone walks away
understanding what they're doing. I talk
about how I enter trades, how I manage
trades, how I get out of trades. I show
you the entire picture of how options
work, how to use them, how not to use
them, what to avoid, when to place
trades, when to not, everything, and why
it matters. I don't just tell you, hey,
do these things and then, hey, you're
just a silly monkey just copying what
I'm doing. No, I explain to you the why
behind everything. Maybe it's just the
engineer in me, but I don't like people
just following me blindly. I want you to
know the why and the decisions behind
everything I do. By the time I'm done
teaching you, you know everything I
know. All right? That's how transparent
I am. Why am I doing this, if I'm so
good at this, why do I want to teach
this? Because I want to help more
people. I want people to figure out what
I figured out. You know, it always
strikes me as odd when I'm trying to
help people and teach people what I
know. And they always ask me like, "Oh,
why why are you doing this?" Like,
"Well, why does Michael Jordan teach
basketball? Why does Tom Brady have a
basketball camp? Why why does anyone do
anything then? Like what what's the
point? Does that mean you don't love it?
That you don't want to teach? You you
don't want to help people? Why do
teachers teach? You know, I mean,
there's a reason for it. Like I love
this and I want people to find what I've
been able to find. There's another way.
I genuinely believe and it's so funny
because when I was at the uh bourbon bar
when I was recording, the audio got
corrupted. I went on a whole rant on
this, by the way. Uh maybe it's a good
thing that that file got corrupted.
Maybe it saved me. But I went on a rant
essentially talking about how in in our
finance, in economics, in financial
financial literacy, we've been
brainwashed. And I know I'm going to
sound I sound so stupid, but I'm telling
you, I'm Morpheus giving you a red pill
or a blue pill. And I'm telling you, you
can take the blue pill and go back and
just wake up tomorrow and think nothing
of it. Go back to your normal day-to-day
life. Or you can take the red pill and
you can see what the world actually is
and how this actually works and why the
rich stay rich and why they're able to
make money on top of their money. Why
you don't have to sell your assets to
make money and how to do it safely and
responsibly?
How to do it mechanically. All right,
this is how people actually do it. It's
not something that's taught to everybody
and I would just want to teach it to all
of you. That's it. That's why I I love
financial independence. I love financial
literacy. I love stock market. I love
options. And I just want to share with
you guys what I know. That's it. So, if
you're interested, links down below. Uh
October uh class is already almost
filled up. I have the zero day options
course that's going to be coming up this
uh weekend. Not obviously not today, but
this coming up weekend on Saturday. So,
if you haven't signed up, sign up now.
I'll probably close it out maybe on
Tuesday. I like Tuesday. Why not? We'll
do Tuesday. So, if you haven't signed up
by Tuesday, uh, then, you know, maybe
I'll catch you when I do another one
later on the year or next year. So, all
right, with that said, let's keep this
rolling. Let's rolling rolling. Rolling.
Keep these prices rolling. All right, so
let's talk Nvidia because And whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa. Nick, what are you
doing? We skipped a huge part. Let's
Let's build up to the sexy stuff. JP
Morgan had a study that they did. And
what they did was they looked at every
midterm year since 1954.
And what they found is that 18 for 18 12
months later, the market was up 100% of
the time. 100% of the time it was up 12
months later. On average, 18%. Is that
kind of crazy? This is interesting that
the market on a midterm year 12 months
later is up 100% of the time. This
should be a signal for you that you need
to be invested. This is also a great
signal for everybody who's a Tesla
investor. We'll talk about Tesla more in
a second here. Man, I'm tired. This is
the third time going through this. You
would think I'd be a pro pro.
Learn to speak next. This is exciting,
especially as we get into what is the
strongest time of year for companies
that are like Tesla, like Nvidia,
Micron, technology companies in general,
or just really the market in general
just tends to be really good towards the
end of the year. And it's been a bit of
a interesting year to say the least.
We've had ups and lows, ups and lows,
ups and lows, and now maybe we're
getting back into an up, but we've had a
disbelief the entire time. The entire
time the whole market has been in a is
there a bubble fear? Uh, this can't be.
Oh, no. You euphoria. Wait, no. We've
overrun. Oh, pees. Oh, there there's a
there's cyclical. Oh, there's too much
demand. Oh, the debt. The debt's issue.
The depreciation's issue. Oh, wait.
We're going to get excited again. Oh,
no. Fund blows up. It's been this all
year. It's been just insane. It's been
fun to be honest. But beside this
despite all that one company has stood
the test of time and really has been the
light in the midst of the darkness of
this market and that one light has been
Nvidia. Jensen has been the steady light
for everybody. He has been guiding us
all the way and he's going to continue
to do it this coming up week when they
deliver earnings. This will be a very
very big earnings for Nvidia and for the
market. The world will be listening and
I believe that Jensen is going to lay it
down. Jensen is going to talk about data
centers, about demand, about the future,
about what's going to happen. And I
think he's going to talk about how they
are having to raise prices. He or
Nvidia, I guess, announced uh over the
weekend that they or apparently they
notified customers about AI related
price hikes of over 15%. Now this is
likely due to thing uh due to components
from Micron and from SanDisk and Dell
etc. This is going to be a good signal
for where the demand is going. Now I
guess you could say it might be an issue
if this extra cost hurts Nvidia's
margins. I don't see that coming. You
know when I look around the ecosystem
that supports Nvidia whether it's Micron
SK high on
high bandwidth memory whether it's uh
Samsung and SanDisk when it comes to
storage whether it's Dell and HP and
Super Micro for servers whether it's
companies like Marll or Alab for
connectivity doesn't matter who it is
doesn't matter what the company is
they're all surrounding one main company
that's Nvidia
and every single those other companies,
the the AWS's, the Azures, the Google's,
the Nibius, the Core Weeaves, the
SpaceX, they've all just had phenomenal
earnings. And there's one common thread
between every single one of those
companies, and that's Nvidia. And so,
when I see that, it's hard for me to
think that Nvidia is not going to have
the best quarter that they've ever had
in the history of their company. I think
this is going to be a recordbreaking
quarter and I think Jensen's going to
come out firing on all cylinders. So,
this will be one for this will be one
for the ages. At least I think so. And
it's not just him, it's the fact that
it's him on the back of what Bess is
doing with Bonds followed by what's
happening with uh Kevin Wars uh at
Jackson Hole. This might be the week
that defines the rest of 2026. This
might be the week that sets us up for
what is to come. And what's to come is
the real question. And I think most of
us know what's to come is early
September. It's time. Cyber Cab's on its
way. Here we go. It's finally here.
We've done it. We've made it. Did you
make it? Did you survive? Did you sell
out? It's okay if you did. I get it. I
understand. I will take one little
victory lap here. Just one. Just one
little humble one. Just one. I don't do
this often. I do believe they would be
fair to say Tesla and Elon during an
earnings call were sandbagging that they
could have mentioned any of this to us
just a few weeks ago. It's not like they
all of a sudden decided it's time. It's
not like they all of a sudden knew this
was going to happen. But it's okay.
Listen, this is part of investing. You
have to believe in the leaders of the
companies you invest in. At the end of
the day, I say this all the time. I
don't know what Elon knows. I don't know
what Lars knows. I don't know what the
board knows. They have the totality of
information. The same way Bessant has
the totality of information and so he
can make asymmetric bets when it comes
to buying back bonds. Well, Elon and the
team, they have asymmetric information.
For all we know, they wanted to hold
back so that they could get the
certification in Nevada. For all we
know, there's a few other things going
on that they want to make sure that
they'll be able to clear before they go
ahead and launch the cyber cap. and they
were worried that if they made this
announcement during the earnings call
that it could potentially spook someone
or scare someone, slow something down,
or maybe they were just sandbagging. I
have no idea. At the end of the day
though, like I said, I will always
express my disagreement, my frustration,
but at the end of the day, I'm invested
in Elon. I'm invested in Tesla, and I
have to trust that they are going to be
the best stewards of my investment, and
I have to live with it. But you know
when you love someone, when you respect
someone, you will push back on them in a
healthy way. I you know it's a good
parent is not the parent that just says
yes to everything. A good friend is not
the one that just goes along with
everything. A good friend, a good
parent, you know, holds holds everyone
accountable. And I think as
shareholders, I honestly I think we do
we have held Elon and team accountable.
I I think they've seen all the
conversations out there. I think they've
heard it. account again. They may be
like, "Man, if you guys knew what we
knew, you'd be doing the same thing."
But you don't know we don't what we
know. So, shut up. And that would be
just as fair. But anyways, let's talk
about how exciting this is. I mean,
we're we're here. We've done it. I mean,
Tesla is doing great, right? We're back
at like we're at 350. It's not 400. It's
not all-time highs, but we're on our
way. You know, I just what for since
since the earnings call, I've been
sitting here. I've been talking about
how frustrated I am. And at the end of
every single time I talk about how
frustrated I am, what do I say? I still
think we're going to hit all-time highs.
I'm still not selling any of my shares.
And you know, up to this point, I was
actually thinking after every time like,
man, I just sound like an idiot every
single time because the stock kept going
down every time I said that. But now,
hey, I might have a shot. Well, there
there there's a shot now. And so, so
it's exciting. It's, you know, this is
this is quite quite the milestone to be
here when this is happening. I mean,
this this is history book stuff, guys.
Think about it. Like, in my lifetime,
man, my lifetime, it's been nothing but
history book stuff. from entering the
new millennium to 911 to the.com bubble
to the.com bust to the the war in Iraq
Iraq to Saddam Hussein all that stuff uh
to obviously '08 to what happened after
that to the first uh African-American
President Barack Obama twice to Trump
getting elected uh to CO that was that
was a hell of a chapter right uh then we
had 2022 that was a wild 2022 when we
had the fastest uh rise in interest
rates in 40 years and the highest
inflation. That was kind of nuts.
Meanwhile, rockets are landing. Cars are
driving themselves. Uh we have, you
know, Netflix, we have iPads coming out,
iPhones, technologies going crazy. I
mean, man, it's just it's been quite
quite a lifetime to be honest. Um, yeah.
And and now here we are, another moment
in time, another historic moment, you
know, from rockets being caught out of
air to here we are. First vehicles that
will be at scale ever that have no
steering wheel and no pedals driving
fully autonomous. And it's about to
happen on September 3rd. Man, that's
what a crazy what a crazy great amazing
time to be alive. You know, I I think
about this a lot about gratitude. And
you know, guys, I'm like so delirious at
this point. So, you're just I'm just
going to rant and you're just gonna
listen to me or you're going to log off.
But I think about this a lot. I think
about how people who struggle or always
have like or always feel down. I think a
lot of it has to do with finances. You
know, they say that money doesn't buy
happiness. And I don't always agree with
that because if your happiness is being
uh suppressed because you have you don't
have the ability to feed yourself or
your family. Um you're worried about
your your mortgage payment or your rent
payment. You're worried about your car
getting repossessed. Uh you're worried
about how are you going to buy clothes
for your kids to go back to school. If
you're worried about, hey, am I going to
lose my job tomorrow? What am I going to
do? Like guys, that's like clearly money
can help all that and would make you
feel a lot happier and a lot less
stressed. If money with money, you can
buy time back to spend with your family.
With money, you could take that risk,
take try to take that job, take that
trip, start that company. There's all
kinds of things you could do. So now, I
don't think money is the end all beall.
Money can't won't buy proper love and
affection and connection and meaning,
right? Money won't buy health. Money
won't buy the ability to go outside and
touch grass and find meaning and purpose
and community. Uh, right? Like that's
that's that's different. But what money
will do is give you the space and the
freedom to be able to go and explore and
express those those uh you know those
beautiful moments of life. So I don't
like when people always want to just
kind of on on finances and money.
To me, I've always I've always, you
know, going back to talking about the
brainwash of things. One of the things I
think we're brainwashed about is you
have to get to a certain age to retire.
It's like the common thing, you know,
64, 65, whatever it is. And I've, you
know, from a young age, I just never
could gro that. I could never understood
that that concept because in my mind, it
was always like, listen, couldn't you
just like bust your ass off, make a
million dollars, then just retire? Like,
why wouldn't you do that? like why do I
have to wait? Why couldn't I just like,
you know, rice and beans, live at home
or live in a very cheap place, save a
million dollars, then retire? That was
always my my mentality. And when I say
retire, I don't mean like retire retire.
I mean just retire from having to work
for the man, having to do what someone
else said says. At the end of the day, I
don't think any of us really want to do
what someone else says. We want to do
our own thing. Um, and that's where I
think, you know, having your having a
good grasp on financial independence, on
f financial literacy, how to be capital
efficient is so critical. For for a lot
of my one-on-one clients, for a lot of
the people who attend the classes, a lot
of them are trying to get to financial
independence or they're on the verge of
retiring or they're already retired and
they're just trying to find ways to be
more capital efficient to live a higher
quality life. And I think that's really
the key here. That's why I like teaching
I like I love teaching how to trade
options because it's a very beautiful
instrument that if used correctly can be
one of the most rewarding things you do
for yourself. If used incorrectly can be
very damaging for sure, but so can the
stock market. If you don't know what
you're doing in the stock market, you
could really hurt yourself. So, I don't
know. It's just one of these things
where I think if you can properly get
yourself in a good financial state and
if you can help spread that word whether
it's to your kids, your grandkids, your
great grandkids, to your friends, to
your family members, I think we would be
in a much better society and a happier
society that wants to help each other
and just feel you feel kind of take the
anxiety down, take the stress down a
peg. if people would just be able to
have good practices. I think a lot of
people just get into a hole early on
before they actually learn anything and
then it's really hard to dig your way
out. So yeah, I don't know. That's a
dumb and dumber reference by the way.
Harry, we're in a hole. We're just going
to have to dig our way. Great movie. I I
think finances are important. Anyways,
with the Cyber Cab and the launch, this
is a really big deal for Tesla investors
because this might be the moment that
we've been waiting for. This might be
the moment where we actually start to
see things meaningfully show up on the
balance sheet. We might actually start
to see the cyber cap sprawl. After all,
they did talk about um in in the the I
guess the hearing, which shout out to
Sawyer did an excellent job on that.
Shout out to Herbert also did an
excellent job covering that. Um but they
mentioned that or they were asked Tesla
was asked about how fast will they
deploy the vehicles and they said that
they will probably you know you know
aspirationally they would love they
would think think a big success if they
could do 25 2700 vehicles this time next
year. That would be huge. That would
mean 100% they're going to surpass Whimo
this time next year. 100% they're
surpassing what Whimo because if that's
what they're they're doing in Nevada,
what are they doing in Texas? What are
they doing in Florida, right? Like what
are those numbers going to look like?
What's California potentially going to
look like? So, I think there are big big
things coming for Tesla investors. I
think we're going to see all-time highs
by the end of this year. And I think we
all just have to hold on and go for the
ride. Right now, I would not be selling
any cover calls. I've been saying that
in my posts every morning on X. If
you're not subscribed to me, you can go
subscribe to me on X. Uh I guess I
should probably tell people to subscribe
on here every once in a while. Do that
if you're still around here. But I would
not be selling cover calls right now.
There again, if you've taken the options
crash course, you know exactly why I'm
saying that. There's no setup for it. If
you don't know how to trade cover calls
on Tesla, come take the options crash
course. I'll show you. My goal is just
to teach people how to be capital
efficient, not to have to sell their
shares to make 1 to 4% per month. That's
it. It's not rocket science. None of
this is that hard. Honestly, it's uh
it's like riding a bike. Is it hard at
first? You have to learn something new.
Yeah, you do. But once you get it, once
you see it, and I think I do a pretty
good job at showing you how this
actually works. Once you see it, it's
like, "Oh, that's it. That's all you do.
That's pretty simple. I can do that."
Yeah. Well, people aren't always as good
at being mechanical and not getting cute
and, you know, getting creative. Uh,
which I I'm fine with. I think it's good
for people to explore and to experiment,
but you always got to get back to the
basics. Anyways, Tesla stock has a
chance to do something really special.
And I don't think it's going to happen
just overnight, but I do think that
it'll happen over the next, call it 18
months. I think over the next 18 months,
you're going to start to see something
meaningful from Tesla. I think it's
time. And in that period, there's a
chance that there's obviously a merger
that happens, but there also may not be,
but we'll see. I think once we get the
the proxies and the the date for the
shareholder meeting, we'll we'll know
more. We'll know what's going on. All
right, everybody. This is my third time
doing this. I'm so tired. I've been
doing this for essentially gosh, I've
been Wow, this is ridiculous. I spent
way too much time. This is 6 hours of me
trying to get this thing recorded. Third
attempt. I hope I didn't screw anything
up this time. But we're going to leave
it there. Thank you all. This was not
what I was expecting. I prepped a lot
for this video, believe it or not. I had
all the stuff ready to go and I just I
need to get this out. I'm not going to
have time to do anything or show
anything. And yeah, appreciate you all.
Uh sign up for the course down below.
Sign up for the journal down below. Uh
zero days this weekend. Uh if you want
to join if you want to join it, I'm
going to close it out on Tuesday
probably. So go ahead and sign up for
the zero day options course and uh yeah,
let's have a fun week. Cheers.