Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla’s Biggest Expansion Week
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Mj_YO5a2SM
Published:   2026-05-07 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-07 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla, SpaceX, and the Boring Company
have all made big announcements this
week in terms of uh new locations where
things may be happening. And you've
heard all about it both on this channel
and elsewhere. But what we're going to
talk about today is does it matter? Why
does it matter? What are the pros and
cons? Should they do this or should they
do that? That's what I'm going to be
discussing with my buddy Herbert from
Brighter. He is that. He shall make you
that as well. That is his promise. uh he
puts it in writing uh according to me.
I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; So, Herbert uh I don't know if you
heard, he says, knowing full well that
we heard because uh we talked about it
on your show today. SpaceX uh has uh
wants to build a 55 billion dollar
next-gen vertically integrated
semiconductor manufacturing and advanced
computing fabrication facility in Grimes
County, Texas. According to the new
filing, that's the tariff app. That's
where the chips would be made. The
cutting edge AI 6 or 7 chips. Proposed
investment 55 billion up front could be
as high as 119 billion. And knowing
Tesla, well, they keep investing more
and more in the same site over and over.
If you look at the total proposed
amounts for Giga Shanghai, Giga Texas,
you'll see that they have blown past
those numbers as they keep adding more
capacity, more functions and features
and all those things to those sites,
building it out more and more over time.
Proposed investment. Yes. So uh from the
filing their construction of a
multi-phase next-gen vertically
integrated facility which would
represent a transformative am investment
in domestic semiconductor manufacturing
capacity. Estimated capital improvement
for is 55 to19
and there will be a hearing about it in
less than a month. And also worth noting
he did say that they're going to be
bringing semiconductor manufacturing
back to the US. You can't do that. It's
too expensive. Well, others are doing
it. Samsung is doing it. TSMC is doing
it. And Tesla did it with lithium.
That's something no one else is doing.
So, they can do these things. My
question is, is this real? Does it
matter?
&gt;&gt; Is it real? Does it matter? Elon Musk uh
did reply to this particular post and he
said that they have several locations
under consideration. So he has validated
and confirmed that that is the case,
that this is true and that there might
be other locations under consideration
and that it will be the largest most
advanced chip. So yeah, not only does it
look like it's real, right? He announced
it several months ago, just a month ago,
but it looks like they're moving fast.
They're already finding locations.
They've already started making moves on
the research fab part of it, which is in
Giga, Texas. And uh what was your other
question? Is it real? Is it
&gt;&gt; does it matter? Does it matter? Of
course, it matters.
&gt;&gt; Well, no. Does this location matter? And
by the way, because that's what this is
about. His response is, it's one of
several possibilities. I just wanted to
point out these two replies here. Josh
West, we know and love him, but Ryan
Rogue, you know who that is.
&gt;&gt; That's our buddy in in Vancouver, the
one who got up at the shareholder
meeting and said, "Chips, chips, chips."
&gt;&gt; And he won't address it. So, that's a
good person to have in here. Does the
location matter? So location is Grimes
County in Texas, which is two and a bit
hours away from Austin. And so the funny
part is, is it is it weird that it was
called Grimes?
It is weird. It is absolutely weird that
it's called Grimes County. But the
location is only two hours away. I think
it's a perfect location. It's in between
Houston and Austin, but it's uh you you
do want to be as close as possible to
Gigafactory, Texas. Why? Because Elon
his time is money. And when he asked the
SA Samsung to build their fabrication
facility, he asked it to be as close as
possible to Giga Texas. He has an office
there. He wants to spend as much time as
possible there. I think in you know that
that's one criteria. Of course, lots of
others would be approval as you pointed
out. It's going to be hard to find a
county that's going to approve this size
facility with this kind of technology
around it. It's always people don't want
that in my backyard kind of thing. So,
we'll see what happens. So, that takes
precedence. But then also the the
employees. Where are you going to get
the smartest people to want to live? If
you can be somewhere close to Houston,
somewhere close to Austin and it's less
than an hour to get there. In this case,
two hours. It's a little bit too long,
but if you live in the outskirts of
Austin, you can kind of still have the
best of both worlds. And I think that
there will be a lot of shared uh
&gt;&gt; live in Houston. You can see the the
Woodlands just north of Houston. The
Woodlands is beautiful. It's a tree uh
focused city. You are not allowed to
touch the trees. The trees are
everywhere. You can't see the McDonald's
because it's behind trees. Everything is
trees there. It is a gorgeous place.
&gt;&gt; So, I mean, by the way, first of all,
Texas, that's the a choice one. And I
think just being close to Samsung, being
close to Giga Texas, being close to the
employees that they have in Austin does
make a difference. So, it's a great
location. I think it'll be very
successful.
&gt;&gt; And once we have Unsupervised, you could
go from Austin to Grimes, uh, without
&gt;&gt; putting down the laptop.
&gt;&gt; You could work the whole way.
&gt;&gt; Um, which would be valuable time, but I
think within that 124 mile diameter
circle, there are a lot of places you
could pick.
&gt;&gt; Uh, so you're saying Texas? Yes,
definitely. uh within two hours of
Austin. Yes, definitely. Um I would say
that power rates are reasonable. They're
not unreasonable there. Uh not
prohibitive. I certainly wouldn't want
to build this kind of facility in the
Northeast. Massachusetts is
breathtakingly expensive for the juice.
Uh but there are always ways to offset
that. I mean, you could always produce
your own power. Prefer not to when you
don't have to. But certainly having that
option. The other thing to consider is
what Giga Texas is going to do, right?
So, Giga Texas is going to have the 10
million per year line for uh Optimus
humanoid robots. It's going to have
cyber cap production. I don't know how
big that will become. And so, you'll
want to have, you know, as close as
possible. It's supply chain issues
there. Localization. It doesn't have to
be within just two hours, but uh you
know just a a semi Tesla semi trip and
you you get access to millions of chips.
That's probably useful thing as it's
really close by.
&gt;&gt; And you do want to shorten your supply
chain as much as you can. This would be
a good way to do that. Even though chips
are very lightweight and compact
compared to their value, um having a
short supply chain is important. You got
to follow that. Um, the other thing that
you should probably follow is me. You
know, subscribe, like, do all those
things. You could do that. And you
could, and you could also support me if
you so desire. If you value this
coverage, if you don't, I mean, I don't
know what to tell you, man. Um, and if
you really love it, you can come out to
Summer Meetup in Moskegan, less than a
month away. This is going to be uh a
whole lot of fun. Of course, I will be
there along with a lot of other folks.
Uh, I did want to uh address this. I
accidentally uh posted this to you last
night or two nights ago now I guess.
&gt;&gt; I was under I skimmed it too quickly. I
thought they were building a mega
factory in Australia about which I was
very excited. No, it's just another huge
installation 200 megawws 800 megawatt
hour Kulonga battery. Uh so that's
exciting. That's a big deal. Um but I'd
like to see more of that happening. Uh
the other thing I wanted to talk about
and I Before we move on to this one, you
know, every once in a while we report on
these kinds of projects, but the truth
probably is we're not reporting on every
one of them. There just too many of them
that come out. But this is huge. $225
million worth of mega packs. Uh now
we've already done this in Australia
that they've already proven over and
over again the business model works.
This is going to repay itself in matter
of year or two years and you get that
money back. So it's a what would be very
cool and interesting would be to see
more of these announcements at this
level and even bigger in other countries
um other than Australia.
&gt;&gt; And I wonder if some countries restrict
access to those sorts of announcements.
Maybe they consider it you know if it's
the grid it's too sensitive to share. I
don't know. But we are seeing them go
out at a record pace. I did of course
tour the Mega Pac factory and I can tell
you all kinds of things that are already
listed somewhere. There were only a
handful of things they were able to
share that were new. I was able to
observe quite a few more that I can't
share. Uh that's the deal. If you want
to see it, you can't say everything. So
Brian, when do you expect to see Mega
Pac 3 sales happening and when do you
expect to see Mega Block sales? So me I
don't know. So on everything out of uh
Texas, the new megaactory 3, the
megaactory in Texas, I expected to see
them this quarter. So if we don't see
them in the next month or two, then it's
definitely Q3. Elon has said this year,
and I think that's sandbagging a little
bit. I expect them no later than Q3. And
the ramp could take a year because we
don't know what the battery capacity
coming out of the LG factory in Lancing,
Michigan that is expected to provide the
cells will be running at. It is a new
factory there as well. So there could be
a slower roll out. All the more reason
to have more of these all over the
world. Crazy. What are we doing? And the
last one, the Boring Company announced.
So the original plan is uh we've got one
at each end. We've got one at the
airport. We've got one downtown and a
couple of other stops along the way. I
think there's one by um you know the the
music country music hall of fame or
something like that. This is the first
residential stop. Does it matter?
&gt;&gt; I think it's ma it matters a lot. This
is a very impressive uh development.
We're talking about three apartment
buildings. three apartment buildings and
they're going to build underneath them a
stop so that these residents can just
take an elevator, get down into that
basement level, maybe B3, maybe B5,
whatever level it is, get out of the
elevator, hop into autonomousdriven
Model Y's, and be taken to the airport
autonomously in 9 minutes because you're
going underground. So this is a whole
example of just showing a value to one
particular area in this case. Now
imagine what will happen next, right?
the mall will say can we get one too and
then different the maybe the city hall
will say we should have one too whatever
you have lots of groups of people it's
going to be the first step but you know
I mean it's like it's one area this
whole image remember the vision that
Tesla had that they shared years ago
where if you have underground tunnels
you can have kind of elevators that a
car at robo taxi can be popped up and to
get to street level And then it goes and
drives off. And so all the only space
you actually need is that little
dedicated area where the elevator goes
up and down from and then off you go. A
little side trip can do that. And then
now you've got you can have
pointto-point delivery. That's the most
critical thing, right? Buses, trains,
you have to go somewhere where the
subway is, come back, take a taxi, Uber
to get there and come back. Here you're
right in downtown. And you can imagine
that multiple cities, it's like a bus
system. You can be dropped off anywhere.
&gt;&gt; I think this is incredible. I'd be the
first, if I was the apartment buildings,
I would raise my hand say do it here.
Why? Because Tesla's doing it for free.
And these apartment buildings aren't
paying them any money is my
understanding of how this works. And
then
&gt;&gt; I don't know on that. I don't know on
that because the way it works in Vegas
is we pay is is the Boring Company pays
for the trunk,
&gt;&gt; but you pay for your spurs.
&gt;&gt; At the very least, this facility would
uh make the parking area available. In
Vegas, we've seen it done a couple
different ways. Sometimes they pop out
to the surface for pickup and drop off
areas. Sometimes there's an underground,
you know, subway station, a bunker sort
of thing. But at one of the new hotels,
what they did is they just popped
through the wall of one of the
underground parking levels
&gt;&gt; and then they just use the parking
garage
&gt;&gt; as the pickup zone. That's this has, I'm
going to tell you from looking at it,
underground parking structures. And like
you said, maybe the maybe it's on B3.
&gt;&gt; Maybe that's where it pops through the
wall
&gt;&gt; and comes out. But if you're just
building a little spur, it's not that
much, especially if you're doing it
concurrent with the actual construction
of the main tunnel itself. And the real
beauty here is these are going to start
operation like end of this year, early
next year for the first stops. That's
amazing. That's incredible work. Um, and
it'll be just that quick. It'll be just
that quick. And uh
&gt;&gt; I I think this is a a precedent because
once they show that this works, right,
you're going to get approval from
private entities, private corporations
like this particular three apartment
building group rather than the
government, right? And previously all
the discussions been the government. Now
I think in this case yes um the boring
company had to get approval from
Nashville as a city but now any private
sens and that's what you saw in Las
Vegas, right? the the the casinos all
said, "Hey, you can't forget me. If
you're going to grab everyone else, you
need to get to me, too." And that's what
this is going to do. Cause a chain
reaction of uh lots of other apartment
buildings, a lot of other malls, um
airports, of course, that's where
they're going to. And the biggest cost
isn't it, you know, can be the station.
And if it's just using your parking
garage, that's that solves it. In
Australia, I don't remember which of the
cities, but they instead of putting in
trains, they put in buses. And you
think, well, that's not a that's not
new. No, no, they have dedicated
highways just for the buses. There's no
traffic. And by the way, if an ambulance
needs to get through in rush hour, they
still can. The ambulance can use the
emergency that as an an emergency
rightway. The beauty of the buses is
when you put in that new length of
highway. When you run out of road, you
just go into the neighborhood. It's
still a bus. So, these could very
conceivably run all over town. But if
you need to go out of town, it could
still take you just get to the surface
anywhere at the edge of town where
there's no traffic and away you go.
&gt;&gt; If you look at what a subway train is,
it's like basically it's cars. They call
them cars, right? They're connected
together,
&gt;&gt; right? And then that's off they go.
Well, with when when you have autonomy
and you have robo uh cars, robo
vehicles, they can all just daisy chain
with each other and it could be like a
train. You could have as many of these
as you want, basically like a roller
coaster. But the beauty is that when
you're in one of those cars, it can take
off and go and deliver you point to
point to whatever location you happen to
be and then come back and join the main
strip. So, it's it's like it's just most
logical and it's going to be faster and
it's going to be cheaper and it's all
autonomous. That that's the beautiful
thing. And I I just can't wait. Imagine
a city that has this built in. I hope it
happens in all the major cities cuz then
you can get rid of surface parking,
maybe some streets. Some people will
always say it doesn't matter, right?
That you can create as many lanes as you
want and traffic will just fill it. But
at least take it away from the surface
streets and then maybe less parking. and
then and that just gonna beautify the
city and have more walkability and
that's the beauty that's the future and
I hope that that is what happens.
&gt;&gt; If you look at a city like Manhattan
they have dense effective mass transit
but the roads are still choked with
traffic
&gt;&gt; but what it does allow you to do is not
get rid of all the streets but get rid
of a couple. Turn one of them into a
walking street, a pedestrian street, a
park. Those are still benefits. And if
you're one of those people who says,
"Well, I'll never I'll never ride in
one. I won't even ride in a taxi. It's
my car or no car." Congratulations.
You don't have to compete with people
like me because I'll be in the cyber
cab. I'll be underground paying less
money getting to the airport. This says
airport in about 9 minutes. I looked it
up at at the middle of the night when no
one's on the road. You can get to the
airport in 14 minutes. So, I'm only
saving five minutes. No. No, no. You're
saving a third of the time. And at rush
hour, it's closer to 35, 40 minutes. You
could miss your flight. You could
absolutely miss your flight. And then
you got to park when you get there. This
is just so much quicker regardless of
the hour of the day. So, yeah, I don't
understand the people who are ready to
hate on it for no reason. In most
cities, like you were talking about,
most cities should get this. I don't
think New York necessarily needs this. I
think New York has
&gt;&gt; They already have it. I mean, if you
look at the best cities in the world,
right, Japan is the one I love the most.
And you can see their system. They have
basically you can take a a the subway
anywhere you want to go and then you pop
out and it's walk and it's walkable
city. So then you walk everywhere. It's
healthier for everybody. I wish we had
that system because you can't go
downtown without taking your car because
the way the US cities are built there's
basically cars and highways long, you
know, not not not built for bikers, not
built for walking and uh cars are
priority. So, when they just do a little
bit of this, I'd be so happy. Pop up
anywhere.
&gt;&gt; Why doesn't Belleview have a subway?
&gt;&gt; They do now, right? The the the sky
train is now not a subway, but a sky
train is coming over. But like, guess
what's happened? Exactly what you're
saying.
&gt;&gt; It's so expensive. It's taken a decade
to get here
&gt;&gt; and it's just one line
&gt;&gt; and we finally got it here, but it took
decade. So
&gt;&gt; that's just for commuters. That doesn't
handle people getting around town.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But with with Belleview, you could
just literally do a hashtag symbol of
tunnels under Belleview and that would
connect most of it and then at the edges
they could pop out and leave, you know,
and that would be it. You got, you know,
four and four and that would be enough
to get you just about everywhere. And
the difference is
&gt;&gt; you can't do it with subways because
they cost a billion dollars a mile.
That's an amount of money to cover all
the cities in the US. That much money
doesn't exist.
So, I don't know, man. I think we're
talking crazy talk. I think we've lost
our minds. So, guys, in the comments,
what do we miss? What do we
misunderstand? I don't know. I need you
to tell me. Everyone else should like,
subscribe, head over to Herbert's
channel, find out what he's up to. Get a
different take on this from his
coverage. Uh, some of it featuring me
even from today. And everyone else,
like, subscribe, do what you do, and
stay to, stay juicy, and I cannot wait
to hear from you clever robots. Perhaps
in the comments of one of those videos.