Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Starship 12 Launch, why not? LIVE at 2:30pm Pacific
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuD6KoczzdM
Published:   2026-05-22 10:17 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-23 04:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

that I don't know why more people don't
understand the uh rules of succession
in aeronautical papacy. It's weird. I
went ahead and just asked our good
friend Gaka Rubab. I don't know if
that's his full name. Um and the reason
was three-fold. One was the hydraulic
pin safety lock and the launch tower's
chopstick arms that holds the Starship
steady during stacking and refueling
failed to retract. triggers an automatic
abort. Now, maybe that is not a big
deal. Maybe it would have launched just
fine. Probably would have. We're not
playing games. Additional factors, last
minute uh holds occurred due to pressure
in the quick disconnect and a tripped
sensor on the launchpad's water deluge
system. They've been having issues with
that. When they were doing flame trench
diverter tests, they had a a shutdown.
We saw it in the mini SpaceX documentary
that ran last week.
That's a a thing. That is a thing.
Here we go. That makes it a little nicer
to look at this. When's it happening?
258. Got 20 minutes.
Shall we uh have a conversation before
then? I say why not? Um guys, I am going
to be leaving for Chattanooga. Not
Chattanooga. Moskegan fairly soon. Join
me, won't you? We've got this uh
fantastic event coming up. Rivian will
be there. Tesla will be there. I will be
there. Who else? Tons of people that you
know. Chris Hibbert, the Rivian guy will
be there. He's not with Rivian. He's
like an a Sawyer Merritt but for Rivian
stuff. Dirty Tesla, Dr. Know-it-all,
Bradford Ferguson, Jordan Gizige, the
whole gang. So many great people. Join
us, won't you? Uh, so yeah, that's a
thing that's happening. I should also
mention, if I can find it, which I bet I
can. Oh, where is it? Right here. There
are only about a 100 tickets left to the
X Takeover in Austin for 1010. Added
bonus, apparently, there will be a few
more tour tickets uh given out lottery
style from those who purchase tickets.
So, if you haven't bought tickets
because you know, uh,
you need to because that's the only way
to get that behind the scenes tour. Be
cool. So,
I checked my email to see if I won one
and I have not. Maybe they haven't gone
out yet. Who knows? But I do not yet
have a tour of it. I'm going to try and
finagle one anyhow I can because
Come on. So, that's what's up with that.
Uh, there will be some other stuff going
on. If you're going to be in the Long
View, Washington area in July, Three
Bandits and a Baby runs July 10th
through 26th. I'll be in that play. Come
see me. I will have a coupon code this
time. Uh, in part because I want the
theater to see that my folks are showing
up and they are. Uh, what are we doing
though? What we're doing is talking
about Starship V12.
Uh yeah, V12 makes for smoother
combustion. You know, uh you can idle uh
with a lot of Anyway, no, that's a
different kind of V12. And uh what are
the changes in the ship? Well, we talked
about this yesterday. If you're just
checking this out today, uh welcome. I I
would mention that you are free to
subscribe. Please do. Helps the channel.
I'm a late mover. It makes it really
difficult to actually uh getting to get
ahead. Makes it really really difficult.
Um in answer to the question if I'm
playing a bandit or a baby, I'm playing
the sheriff, the long arm of the law. I
do have a line yesterday which I chose
to read in a different way just because
the line was uh we know you're in there.
Come out so we don't have to shoot the
place up. And instead I thought, you
know what? I'm going to play with the
line a little bit. I don't know what the
author was thinking. I said, "We know
you're in there. Come out." So, we don't
have to shoot the place up. And uh I was
informed that we're going to go with the
other the other way. But we don't we
don't have to.
So, it's fun. That's what we do. We
That's what me and a handful of people
do.
So, yeah. On this uh ship, we've got
a number of improvements. Larger
downcomer for the uh methane. So, in the
middle of the ship, you will see a big
old tube. It looks like the center uh
support column for the Hamburglar at
McDonald's Land from the 70s. You know,
the one you could climb up inside of. It
has a ladder inside even just like that.
I think they were inspired by that
hamburger plate uh land piece of
equipment.
Dangerous. Those things were dangerous.
Fun. Um, what else is new? The tiles are
new. The reaction control thruster
system on the uh booster or on the
Starship is new. The booster's down to
three fins instead of four bigger ones
and not in a triangle configuration. I'm
not going to do the other one. That
means something in sign language. Uh, we
uh will uh let's see if you uh instead
it's a top right and left or I guess a
bottom right and left. It doesn't
matter. There's one whole side, one
whole 90° area that doesn't get grid
fins because it's in the wake of the
ship as it returns. Can't do much
anyway.
So, that's fun. Let's jump over to the
comments. What are you guys even talking
about? What's going on? Uh, I know there
are better choices that you could watch
to stream this. Uh, but are there worse
places to watch it? Probably not.
Certainly, I am the most fun. I'm the
most fun. Uh I think that's what's going
on. I'm in the house launching in Texas.
New Star Base launchpad. Correct. This
is the second pad. I will show it again.
You can see the base is no longer big,
tall stilts. It is a big heavy concrete
flame diversion trench. This is at
Starbase, Texas. This is all operations
and manufacturing behind it. Looks
close. It is not close. It is far away.
Uh, so that is where we're at. Of
course, I clicked that instead. Make it
work.
Uhhuh. Hit the like while you wait.
Yeah. How many likes are we up to?
Please let me know. Hope they don't lose
the window. Was going to try to make it
down there, but didn't want the traffic
during the holiday. Never thought I
would postpone a trip based hardware 3
versus hardware 4. Yep. Okay, let's see.
Propellants are ants with props. H,
sure. Boating ants. Who knew? Yeah.
Yeah. Propel ants. Mhm. That's right.
Uh, so SpaceX will run these a little
rich in methane, me things. I don't
know. Uh, maybe. Oh, engine exhaust.
Yeah. Yeah. When you see the green
flame, you're like, whoa, that is
enginerich.
Yes. Yes. burning more engine than we
would expect is what's going on there.
Timer went to zero. Shaking the monitor.
Yeah, I uh was uh had to run inside and
get something important for an upcoming
thing. We saw Artemis launch from here
in Pensacola. Pretty cool. Wonder if
we'd ever be able to see Starship. So,
it's interesting. You know, I've been to
Florida two, three times and I've yet to
catch a launch. Been to California a few
times. Never caught alone there either.
Those are much less common. There was
one in California while I was there last
and I considered I talked to Cuba about
it. I considered driving out to see it
early in the morning. Uh but then I saw
in the weather forecast it's going to be
dense fog and then I chose not to go.
Later I saw footage. It was just noise.
It was just noise. I would not have seen
the launch.
So launching in Texas, correct? Let's
go. I'm still seeing the wait screen.
Yep. Yep. By the way, I should 247. Not
time to refresh the main stream. I see
me now. You see me now. Hello. Hello.
There we go. Uh-huh. The stream was
about 8 minutes late starting on mine.
Yeah. Yep. That's on me.
Uh, slipping into the past. Mhm.
You do have a touch of Jackie Gleason
from Smoking the Bandit. I can see that.
I can see that those movies were
formative in my youth to what eventually
became my sense of humor. That's
possible.
I feel a stirring within my loins. Very
nice. Had to make it bigger to get
Ronald McDonald shoes to fit. Why do you
keep asking me to donate to your clown
house? You're a multi-billion dollar
corporation. I'm buying a 59 cent
hamburger at the time. Now they're, you
know, $500, but
I'm not. You pay. Why don't you pay?
What I love is celebrities who say, "I
have helped raise over, you know, $30
million for this charity." Helped raise.
Oh, you didn't put in the How much did
you put in? Was it zero? Okay. You
donated an afternoon of your time to do
a tellathon. That is not the same as
giving $30 million. That's asking other
people
There better be nuggets up there.
If you're going to climb 500 feet of
ladder, I expect nuggets.
I'd love to get my hands on a heat tile
as a souvenir. If you look on eBay, you
can often find pieces of broken ones
that have fallen into the sea. Um, but
they are expensive and incomplete
and they feel like styrofoam. They
they're so lightweight.
I owned a 79 and 81 Bandit edition Trans
Am. You know, with the success of
Smoking the Bandit, sales of the
Firebird went up so much that uh
that the head of GM at the time said,
"Bert Reynolds, you get a new one every
year for life." And then the CEO passed
away and Bert called up. He's like,
"Where's my where's my Trans Am?" And
they said, 'Well, that must have meant
for his life because we're not giving
you anymore.
Uhhuh. 38 likes now. We can do better.
We can do better. Keep wanting to scroll
your page.
Oo, I think you mean page. 99 cent heart
attack.
I don't think there is a 99 cent menu
anymore. What always amazes me is you
really want over a dollar for a hash
brown? Those are 10-centent items. Those
are the things you should be putting on,
you know, two for a dollar or something
just so that because I mean, who's who's
buying just just I mean, come on. Fine.
Another supper from a sack. Supper from
a sack. Yeah. Smoking the banet led to
my getting tickets and not caring in my
youth. Mhm. This is why I'm wanting the
fleeing in a looting mode on the Tesla.
I haven't had a ticket since
probably 2001.
Yeah. Uh I don't know. And I I drive
like a grandma. Typically, not always. I
did get pulled over on MadMax. I didn't
realize I was in MadMax mode. Was here
in town. It was a Friday night. It was
10 11 o'clock. And I'm pretty sure they
were out looking for drunks. So, they
pulled me over, saw that I wasn't, and
let me go. Also, he said I was going
like 45 and a 30, and I don't think
that's true. And I did have all my
cameras set up, so if I was something
doing something nefarious,
he'd have documentation, but he's just
like, "Ah, no, you're fine. You're fine.
Just slow down." Okay. Also wasn't a
jerk. Rolled all the windows down, kept
the lights on so he could see.
It's tinted windows, man. He doesn't
know what's in the car. It's got to be
safe. We all got to be safe. I can't go
on MadMax. Kansas takes speeding
seriously.
Yeah. I don't know how a good AI will
manage the difference between states and
even counties and cities. There are
cities where you'll get a ticket for
three or four over right next to a city
where you can go as fast as you want,
more or less.
So, that's fun and exciting. Just
hitting reload over here on this old
tab. Making sure that they haven't
somehow started 7 minutes early. In 7
minutes, we're expecting the launch.
Well, the launch coverage, the launch
cast, the actual launch in about an
hour, which should be also exciting.
What are you doing? Just not going to
not going to reload, I guess. You must
be in the eastern part of Kansas. I grew
up in Manhattan, Kansas. Yeah, big city,
you know, Manhattan.
Pretty sure that's how Manhattan, Kansas
works.
My last ticket was in 1991. 65 and a 55.
That's right on the edge. Don't see many
tickets
for less than nine over. And if it said
you were going Well, in ' 91 they might
not have had the odometer nonsense. That
might be newer because if you're in a
car today going 65, you're going 64. And
if you check with the, you know, any
you're not going 65. Oh, nope. It
reloaded. It is still just the same
thing saying we've got six more minutes
till the magic happens. So, in the
meantime, this magic continues. Uh yeah.
So, did you guys know uh that I have
more than one button that says
subscribe? This one's kind of fun. I'm
going to unshow that.
Yeah, that's uh that's fun. And if you
want a less cartoony or more cartoony
version, who knows, man. Who knows? Um
thought I unshowed that. There we go.
Mhm.
I know you're in the Northwest now, but
did you um get that ticket in Arkansas?
I got my last one there around the same
time. So, we're asking the important
questions here. Everybody stop. Let's
find out. Just teasing you. If it was
not worth sharing, I wouldn't share it.
Hey, let's uh jump back over here. Um
for those who are just joining us, uh
the issues are please subscribe. And
also, why was there a delay yesterday?
Because
uh for one thing, the safety pin, the
hydraulic locking pin on the chopstick
arms that holds the Starship steady
during stacking and fueling failed to
retract. If it doesn't retract, let's
not launch. Additionally, there was a
pressure issue with the quick disconnect
and a u sensor error that a trip sensor
on the launchpad washer deluge system.
And apparently upper atmospheric winds
caused delays earlier in the countdown,
but I guess I didn't catch that.
Greetings to Portugal. Thank you for
joining us. So excited to have all of
you here.
This is, you know, um,
is my audio still okay? It's weird. I'm
getting an error message. Let me know if
something went weird with that. No,
looks like I should still be fine. What
are you doing, computer? So, if uh yeah,
I on on videos like this, I'm not going
to get a ton of views. I'm not going to
get a ton of views, but I'm watching it
anyway. Why not hang out?
Ah. So, let me see what I was going to
look out over.
Oh, that's wild. Accidentally fired
myself up on a second window. Maybe that
was the issue. Wondered who that was.
His voice. So velvety, so rich. No, that
was me. Uh-huh.
At least now I know who the fat guy on
the screen is. What a bargain.
Okay, just p that up just in case. Okay.
All right. Um, anything else we need to
discuss because we got double vision.
Yeah. Hearing me just fine. Double
vision. It's nice to hang out. Yeah.
Hello from Croatia. What are you doing
in Croatia?
Be nice is here. Good to see you.
Uh, yeah. Croatia.
I sometimes have people who will say,
you know, you should come to my country,
my city. And uh I always ask, what's
there? And unfortunately, I get a lot of
people telling me I should go to really
expensive places. You know, oh, Norway
just rolled out some new electric buses
or autonomous buses. You should check
that out. I'd love to. I'd love to. I
not sure I have Norway budget. Uh but I
am sure that I don't. So that's fun.
Although I am still considering
Ethiopia. Ethiopia an exciting story
like Nepal where they've installed a
bunch of hydro. They want their energy
independence because energy independence
is national security.
I don't understand how some world
superpowers fail to understand that. Um
it's almost as if they're getting paid
to misunderstand it on purpose. Who
knows? Uh so uh yeah. What time is it?
It's almost midnight here. Uh, it is
about 300 p.m. Pacific, 6:00 p.m.
Eastern, and almost midnight in Croatia.
Hi all. Let the waiting begin.
Ted joined us yesterday. We had a lot of
fun. Enjoy the launch. Uh, thank you. I
understand you're going to be, let's
see, following Joe and Ellie. That's
right. I saw that earlier. Have fun with
that. They do fantastic work and I love
them both. Uh,
no, no, no. Uhhuh. I have my ticket for
Texas. Join me, won't you? I shall. I'll
be there. Going to have to come find me
and say hello. Portugal. It's low
budget. Yes. But what is there that
would be relevant to my work? That's the
tricky part. That's the tricky part. I
got to have both of those things. Um,
every now and then I can combine trips
where I had to go to the dentist and it
was cheaper to fly to Mexico and go to a
dentist there and I could also do work.
I could also see the cars, talk to the
people, do the things. That's good.
That's good use of time because I really
don't I don't uh I don't know how to
explain this to the content creators,
but I'm not rich, guys. I'm not rich.
SpaceX channel should start now.
258.
All right, let's hit refresh and see if
they have
if they have changed the time.
That'll go ahead and reload when it
feels like it. In the meantime, we will
keep looking at this. You do not get a
scale, an idea of the scale from this
angle. I try and tell people this. You
have to see it in person. You must
access is getting restricted. Uh that is
a fact. It is getting more and more
restricted over time. Things like this
defy the scale of human understanding.
When you go look at it, it doesn't make
sense. when we were shooting B-roll from
outside just it wasn't even fully
stacked. It was just the booster and we
got a closeup of the grid fins and then
from those grid fins. Oh, you can't even
see my mouse. Uh from those grid fins,
you could see atmospheric distortion
between you and them. That's how big it
is. That's how far away it is. Uh so
that's great. You going to going to
reload or just hang out or
of course
there we go. So now we are in the coast
phase. Mhm.
I guess it was just being difficult.
Installed Starlink today here in Sweden.
Uh lots of trees blocking. Still got
99.7 megabits out of 100. Anyway,
no frost yet. M what does take 30ish
minutes to juice it up. SpaceX stream is
live now. Yes, we are showing it. I mean
I I'm pretty sure we're showing it. Uh
so that's great. And at some point Oh,
when they start talking I will I will
zip it. I think I can do this and get
you. Yeah, that's better. I can make
myself a little smaller.
Is that smaller? Yeah.
Yeah. Pretty beast.
Yeah. I wonder if that's a just a much
much bigger new pope when you see that
much white smoke. I think we'll have to
consult the ancient scrolls to determine
for sure. Remember those new Raptor
engines, the V3s, weigh 1 ton less each,
33 of them on the bottom. That's 66
extra tons of payload. Another six up
top, that's another, you know, six tons
of payload or fuel or uh, you know, or
PEZ. We know they have been uh they're
planning on dispens dispensing large PEZ
like that. So, there's opportunities
Opportunities
bound.
Yep. Almost time for me to shush it. I
assume what we're going to see is a
repeat of yesterday's
um of yesterday's exciting nonsense. Um
where we got to see all the cool footage
that they put together. I'm going to If
you see this come and go, it is because
I'm trying to find an ideal shape for it
and I don't wish to block the screen.
Let's make sure. Oh, we're go. I'm going
to We're I want it.
Is there enough sound? You guys
let me know.
Okay.
Okay. So, I'm going to
I'm going to do
Going
to do a couple things here to try and
fix the sound.
And I'm going to share it from scratch.
Hopefully
share. We were just reload it manually.
Was weird. We had the sound working
yesterday. So, let's get it going. Is it
this guy? This guy?
How about
&gt;&gt; you see an arm that holds all of the
propellant connections into the ship.
It's also set up so it kind of pushes
against the ship to help make sure that
we have a really good connection and it
stays attached when we unlatch that
quick disconnect. There's a pin in the
arm near where that attaches the tower
that has to be removed before the arm
can swing away for launch. It's
important to remember there's a lot of
benefit to not release the arm too early
or too late and a lot of hardware that
has to work in concert in very very
short time frames. We started to unpin
it. Releasing that tension caused some
motion in the arm that triggered a hold
and that put the pin back in. Then that
ended up that got us into a bit of a
tugof-war between systems on the tower
that rely on hydraulic pressure to work.
Really the arm trying to keep its
pressure on the ship and trying to pull
that pin out. You saw we made a couple
of attempts to fix the issue. eventually
got the pin to start retracting again,
but hit the same motion hold. Ultimately
ran out of time. The team though made
some hardware, some software changes to
get us into a better position to fly
today. We had the tower team up there
last night. They welded in some hardware
that's going to cut down on the motion
of the arm as it's pushing back when the
pins released. And getting all the data
we saw on how this hardware interacts in
those critical moments. went in, looked
at our software, all of our logic, see
where we were overly conservative, where
we may have had holds built on the wrong
readings or the wrong times. Overall
though, really fast work by the
engineering teams put us in a position
for flight today. Heroic work by our
logistics teams to get all the
propellant out there. But things are
looking really good for launch at the
moment. Right behind me, all of the
flight controllers on console, looking
at the rocket, looking at the pad,
looking at the range, all the systems as
we countd down to liftoff. Propellant
load is underway. You can see the rocket
the rocket getting frosty. We're on
track to launch at the top of our window
at 5:30 p.m. Central time. Weather has
been gorgeous. Thank you to everybody
who was outside yelling at clouds that
got us weather yesterday. It extended
into today and we are looking at a green
range right now. Functionally, today's
countdown identical to yesterday. Looks
very similar to previous Starship flight
tests. Some minor differences in timing
on things like when we start propellant
load, when the water starts flowing on
the diverter, when our engines start up,
but all the hardware is new. New
booster, new ship, new engines, new pad.
Let's do another quick look at
everything that's debuting today with
Starship version 3. As Kate noted, some
of the outside will look familiar, but
we've made extensive upgrades across the
entire system. Big picture, cuz
Starship's still very, very big. It's
just over 407 ft tall, fully stacked.
little bit taller than version two. Have
more propellant in both stages. On the
bottom half, our super heavy booster has
some visible structural changes on the
outside. On its top, we've got an
integrated hot stage now. Got rid of the
one-time use ones. So, we're doing that
for reusability. The ship's uh Raptor
engines are going to be igniting
directly into the top of the booster.
That's where you're looking right now.
All of that force and heat offset by the
pressure inside the booster's fuel tank
and a thin layer of nonstructural steel.
The grid fins on the booster, which we
used to steer on descent, went from four
down to three, but we made them 50%
larger. Higher strength, also used them
for lift, and we'll use them for catch
on future missions when we bring the
booster back. We redesigned the fuel
transfer tube inside the booster. That's
what's sending all of that massive
amount of liquid methane down to those
33 engines. lets us light all 33 at the
same time and have faster, more reliable
flips. The bottom of the booster looks
very different with those Raptor 3
engines. We deleted all of the bulky
engine shrouds from previous
generations. All of the prop avionics
hardware, everything for that super
tightly integrated now, protected by
much slimmer shielding. Up on the second
stage, Starship version three designed
to carry massive orbital payloads up to
100 metric tons to Earth orbit, the
moon, and Mars. biggest changes inside
the vehicle itself. Propulsion system
got a complete redesign, increased our
propellant take volume, improved our
steering on orbit. Uh in the payload
bay, the PEZ dispenser supercharged,
that's going to increase the deploy
speed for each of our satellites. We've
got 22 payload deployables in there
today. It's the heaviest we've ever
carried on Starship. Eventually, we'll
have up to 60 planned of those Starlink
V3 satellites. Uh also on the ship, we
added docking ports. There's two right
below the payload bay door, two near the
bottom. That's going to enable us to
have Starships link up in orbit for
propellant transfer. Also modified the
connection point in the ship to
facilitate that. So lot of upgrades
tiptoail and still powering it all is
the Raptor 3.
Now those engines are manufactured in
Hawthorne, California, tested in
McGregor, Texas. redesigned their
ignition system, bumped up the thrust
and the sea level and the vacuum engines
and then took all of the sensors, feed
lines, controllers, everything that was
kind of the busy sections around Raptors
1 and two and either deleted them or
internally integrated and protected them
inside the engine. That dramatically cut
down on the weight, made it easier for
those to manufacture. So, just an
incredible amount of effort from the
world's best engineering team getting
this rocket to the pad ready to launch
today. I'm gonna stop talking for a
little bit. That was a lot. Send it back
down to Kate and Jake for more on pad
two.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, like Dan was just saying, uh,
the team has been working hard on a
brand new rocket, but we also redesigned
the ground systems, and that brand new
Pad 2 is making its debut today.
&gt;&gt; We took everything we learned from
operating on pad 1 to create this
totally new launchpad. Pad 2 is
optimized for full and rapid
reusability. We've upgraded our
propellant farm with much more storage
and more pumps to enable super fast
filling for launch and relaunch. And on
the tower, we changed to shorter
chopsticks. Those are that's the black
assembly there at the top of the tower.
And that enables even faster motion to
better track vehicles flying in for
catch.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And we also changed the actuators
driving those chopsticks from hydraulics
to 100% electromechanical, increasing
their speed, redundancy, and
reliability. On the ground, the launch
mount was also completely redesigned.
And if I had to describe it in one word,
I'd say robust, but it's also smarter.
We've separated the fuse the fuel and ox
systems into different compartments and
reposition the booster quick disconnects
to be out of the vehicle's plume during
liftoff. And as you can see there on
your screen, we also have a new
birectional flame diverter and a new top
deck flame deflector to eliminate metal
wearing down. So, we said goodbye to the
pancake. However, this will help us get
to zero refurbishment between launches.
Now, this pad is still built for maximum
safety and fast turnaround because
making life multilanetary will require
launching a lot of Starships. Now, it's
currently tminus 18 minutes and 38
seconds. We're gonna hop over to
Hawthorne for a moment for more on
Starlink with Tyler Linquist. Tyler,
&gt;&gt; hey Kate, thank you so much. I'm Tyler
Lionquist and I'm a Starlink business
analyst here at SpaceX. We're excited to
be back here in Hawthorne ready for
another attempt at a launch today. So,
as we talked about yesterday, on today's
flight, we're deploying 20 Starling
simulators, plus two modified Starlink
satellites, which our team internally
refers to as Dodger Dogs, because they
stretch the V2 mini satellite propellant
tank so that it sticks out from both
ends of the satellite. And the Dodger
dog serves as a tech demo between the V2
and the V3 Starling satellites and acts
as a platform for testing V3 components.
Now, the larger V3 satellites aim to
greatly expand our network's capacity,
while V3 hardware is designed to support
faster Wi-Fi and improved broadband
speeds for our customers while providing
significant capacity upgrades from the
V2 Mini. So, in addition to delivering
future V3 satellites to the Starlink
network, Starship is also planned to
launch our AI satellites. And as you may
have seen during the Terrafab event in
Austin a few months ago, Elon laid out
the path to revolutionize cloud
computing and AI infrastructure,
leveraging the unlimited power of the
sun, targeting 100 gawatt to 1 terowatt
of AI computing power annually. And from
there, we're looking at connectivity
beyond our planet too. Building on the
technologies used to connect people on
Earth, the Starlink team is exploring
using Starlink to enable high bandwidth
connectivity around the moon. With a
constellation of satellites designed to
connect to user terminals on the lunar
surface, we could relay data back to our
Starlink constellation in Earth orbit.
So, traditionally, deep space comms have
relied on radio frequency transmission.
But this new design would use lasers to
relay data back to Earth, which can
massively increase the bandwidth
available to future lunar missions. We
currently have thousands of lasers
operating in our Starlink constellation
around Earth. And deploying that
technology around the moon could connect
it with hundreds of terabytes of
capacity. Together, this could provide
the connectivity backbone between the
Earth and the Moon and enable gigabit
connectivity anywhere on the lunar
surface, providing data for rovers,
habitats, and astronauts, and hopefully
some incredible views for us back on
Earth, too. So, all of that adds up to a
lot of satellites, but the good news is
there's still plenty of space in space.
That said, the Starlink team takes space
safety extremely seriously and works
hard to encourage best practices across
the entire industry. so space stays open
for as many people as possible. In fact,
just yesterday, the Starlink team
published a new update on starlink.com
to encourage all satellite operators to
better coordinate and follow best
practices to keep space safe. So, for
more on safety, go to
starlink.com/updates.
And with that, let's kick it back over
to Kate and Jake and Starbase for
today's mission profile. Thanks, Tyler.
Now, let's dive into the flight profile
for today's test. As we've mentioned
already a couple of times, uh there are
numerous redesigns making their debut
today across the entire launch vehicle.
In light of this, we want to keep our
learning focused on all of that new
hardware and software. So, we're running
a flight profile that's similar to past
Starship flights in order to minimize
any new variables.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. So, as always, we
start with liftoff where Superheavy
ignites 33 of those brand new Raptor 3
engines. We power through a scent ahead
of hot stage separation where the
booster shuts down all but five
sustainer engines. Stage two then lights
its Raptor engines while still attached
to Superheavy where we see stage
separation debuting the integrated hot
stage directional booster flip and
engine relight for boost back using 33
engines. And after coasting for a few
minutes, the booster today will target a
landing burn and soft splashdown a few
miles off from the coast of Starbase.
ship keeps it going with ascent burn to
a suborbital trajectory. Then we'll
deploy 20 Starlink simulator satellites
and two dodger dogs as we affectionately
call them. We also plan to relight a
single Raptor engine. Next will be
re-entry a few minutes later. For the
first time in a while, uh we're
intentionally not messing with
Starship's heat shield. At that point,
we should have some amazing views of the
ship's technicolor re-entry through
Earth's atmosphere. If all of that goes
as planned, we'll finish the test with a
landing flip, a landing burn, and a soft
water splashdown in the Indian Ocean.
And in just a few moments, thanks to
Starlink, we'll be going live to the
Indian Ocean and chatting once again
with the ship recovery team stationed
out there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm super excited about that.
That's going to be totally awesome. Uh
but sit tight uh because first we're
going to go to Dan for a quick status
check.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Hey everybody, good news. Still
looking good. Uh range is green
currently. We're expecting another
update on that in just about 4 minutes.
That should be our final determination.
Weather continues to look amazing.
Vehicle and pad both looking healthy. We
are a little over 80% on fuel, 95 on
locks in the ship, and then a little
more than 2/3 it's looking like on
booster. So, we are on track today.
Looking good for a launch right now at
5:30 p.m. Central time. All right. So,
we're going to do that right at the top
of our window. Once again though, we're
going to be targeting to send Starship
around the world for a splash down in
the Indian Ocean. We had a really quick
check-in yesterday with the Starship
recovery team out there on station.
They're helping us to maintain the range
and a whole lot more. So, let's jump
back out there once more today. We've
got Serenai joining us live from the
boat deck out in the ocean, couple
hundred miles off the coast of
Australia. Seren, how's it going, man?
Welcome to the flight 12 webcast. How's
everything looking out there in the
landing zone,
&gt;&gt; Dan? It's a It's a pleasure to be here.
I'm not going to lie to you, it's a
little rougher than it was yesterday.
Nighttime, it's hard to see the horizon,
but we're looking at about 10 foot seas,
and we're we're loving it, but but it's
rough.
&gt;&gt; All right. What's what's what's your
guys' primary job out there? I mean,
you're you're out kind of in the middle
of nowhere. What are you guys doing?
So like as you mentioned like it's
usually a 5 to 600 nautical mile uh sail
from shore and our primary goal is as a
range clearing group. So like we come
out here and make sure there's no one
else in the area so the rocket can
launch. But that kind of allows us to do
our second goal which is to conduct uh
imagery of of the rocket as it re-enters
and as it splashes down. We get a lot of
other data but like the primary one is
for sure imagery with an ensemble of
maritime and aerial based assets
&gt;&gt; and and talk to us a little bit because
it's evolved over time kind of humble
beginnings of getting those views to
talk us through where we've gotten to
now today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think some people know but like
the markset bots are are quite
identifiable. That's the buoys that we
use and they uh were originally used as
sailboat racers and we kind of put them
in as as a hailmary attempt on flight 5
to get imagery of of the rocket as it
came down. And we all thought it maybe
would have worked, but we were super
shocked and really pleased to see all of
the the buoys pointed right at the
rocket as it came down, which was a
testament to not only the the scrappy
engineering we were able to put
together, but also the rocket's ability
to land right on target. And then since
then we've kind of iterated more and
more and and these buoys have become way
more robust and have now a lot more data
collection materials, not just visual
imagery. And as a result, they they kind
of are the most mature versions they've
ever been. And it's really cool because
almost all the buoys that we're
deploying even now for flight 12, we
just got them off our back deck a few
few hours ago, are the exact same ones
that were used for flight 5.
&gt;&gt; And I saw a couple of user terminals.
how Starlink kind of playing a role in
this entire operation.
&gt;&gt; Dan, I'm not going to lie to you. If we
didn't have Starlink out here, we would
be screwed. Um, like just on a on like a
usual basis of like working, we're
allowed to like have calls with each
other and like work on documents with
each other, send things to each other in
like a very timely manner because of the
Starlink on the boat. Uh but but not
only that, each one of these buoys is
equipped with a standard Starlink Mini,
the one you would just get from like uh
ordering it commercially and and that
allows us to not only operate the buoy
remotely, but also to get live stream
data and telemetry, which is honestly
super useful. And I don't think we have
another solution for it without
Starlink.
&gt;&gt; All right, before I let you go, what's
it like? You're out there and then all
of a sudden Starship appears out of the
sky. What's that feel like, man?
&gt;&gt; Dan, I can't lie to you. Feels it feels
awesome. Just like being on the boat,
not seeing any land for miles and miles
and then hearing the Starship crack down
with its sonic booms and watching it
breach through the sky. It is one of the
most magical feelings on Earth and
really excited to feel that again today.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, thanks Surin. Good
luck, man. Hopefully, we're sending the
rocket your way real soon. Thanks for
joining us in, man. I'm gonna send it
now back down to Kate and Jake for the
latest progress we're making at Cape
Canaveral in Florida.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Dan. Now, if we want to get to
the moon and then Mars as fast as
possible, there's really only one
answer, and it's to launch a lot more
rockets.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And to do that, we're going to
need a few more launch pads and support
buildings, which is exactly what we're
working on over in Florida. So,
originally built for Apollo and then the
space shuttle, launch complex 39A has
flown 126 Falcon missions since SpaceX
reactivated the pad in 2017.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I actually remember the day that
we did that. I was able to host the live
webcast for that first launch out of pad
39A and it was just so amazing to see
that pad come back to life and it's also
exciting to see how today almost 10
years later the ongoing uh excuse me
ongoing construction as you see there on
your screen uh and the development that
will bring a second launch tower to
launch complex 39A. It's designed to
expand our capabilities to support
Starship launches in the future while
also continuing to support Falcon Heavy
missions from the original Apollo
shuttle Falcon launch tower.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, and we're not done. We're also
building a Starship launchpad at Slick
37. And to support the uptick in future
launches, there's Gigabay, a giant
assembly and maintenance facility
designed to prep starships ahead of
Florida launches. And when complete,
this huge structure aims to hold 24 work
cells in over 800,000 square feet of
workspace. It's going to be a big
building.
&gt;&gt; So much space.
&gt;&gt; So yeah, SpaceX's Florida uh SpaceX's
future in Florida is quickly t taking
shape with our very first launches on
the horizon.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. A horizon that aims for regular
trips to the moon. And speaking of moon,
we've got another special guest for you
today. Dan, I think the last time you
and I were on a webcast with this person
was Polaris Dawn as he was performing
the very first commercial spacew walk.
&gt;&gt; That's right, Kate and Jared. I I don't
know if today will be quite as cool as
doing a spacew walk, but we're going to
try our best to make it as exciting.
Like, thanks for joining us here today,
man. You had a heck of an entrance on
the way in.
&gt;&gt; It's great to be here. Yep. Certainly
great to do a little bit of a flyby. I
think they should accompany all the
great rocket launches and we certainly
got a great uh great rocket out there on
the pad. But uh wonderful to be back and
no surprise it's always changing here.
It looks amazing.
&gt;&gt; I was going to say it's been a couple of
years. What was what was your impression
flying in at just the lay of the land?
&gt;&gt; Well, it was I think it was actually
maybe 10 months ago I was here slinging
pizzas. I got a new job now, but um it
was uh it it there's been so much that's
changed even since then. Um yeah, the
facilities look amazing. all the housing
that's coming in here and of course you
got two orbital launch pads out there
and a rocket that's just looking
fantastic especially from the air. It's
good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You said you got a new job. It's
been a slow start to your first six
months. I mean you only sent humans
around the moon for the first time since
the Apollo days. Bill and I kind of
nerded out a little bit. Like that was
that was the last thing I worked on when
I was at NASA. So seeing them go was
just insane. Like h how's everybody
feeling after the success of Artemis 2?
Well, I'd say I have the best job in the
world and I certainly work with an
unbelievable team. I mean, as you know,
that was a that mission was a long time
in the making. So, I just I got to show
up at the at the right time to see
everybody uh put all that effort to uh
put it in action. But what a great
mission. Those four astronauts, you
couldn't have had better uh better
ambassadors for humankind to the stars.
I mean, they really brought us all along
for 10 days. And we're getting ready for
what comes next. We're going to start
stacking Artemis 3. We got a lot of the
hardware in the VAB already. We're
hoping to even get out to the pad before
the end of the year, do another wet
dress. So, all right.
&gt;&gt; And uh we're looking forward to seeing
this thing fly because uh hopefully at
some point in the not too distant
future, we're gonna we're going to join
up in uh in Earth orbit.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Wanted I mean what's coming up
next? And ultimately like base on the
moon, that's that's the big focus. Like
what's what's kind of the why? Like why
are we doing this for everybody?
&gt;&gt; Oh, well I mean and and yes, we were
we're we're certainly trying to get back
to the moon, but what's coming up next?
We're also we're also building a moon
base in parallel. Why are we doing that?
Well, it's for a lot of the shirts I see
around here, which is Occupy Mars. I
mean, what a great opportunity. Go to
the moon, return to the moon, build a
moon base on the South Pole, interact
with the water ice, right? Maybe work on
some of those skills we're going to need
when we're four days away from home for
what we might need someday when we're
nine months away from home. But we got
other things coming up, too. You got
Nancy Grace Roman that that telescope's
going to launch later this summer.
There's a lot of great exciting things
going on at NASA right now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, man. All right. Well, SpaceX,
we're we're customuilt to try and make
life multilanetary. We're super honored,
excited to be part of this entire Aremis
program. Uh really excited to see
Starship, you know, sending people to
the moon, all of the different pieces
working together. It's going to be a
really exciting future.
&gt;&gt; Oh, absolutely. Well, thanks for having
me here. It's great uh great to see
everybody again. I know a lot of hard
work leads up to a moment like this. So,
uh we're all rooting for you and uh
we're looking forward to meeting up next
year in Earth orbit.
&gt;&gt; All right, man. Well, I'll let you jump
back in there. We got about four minutes
to go. Toss it back down to Kate and
Jake.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's safe to say we could
listen to you guys yap about the moon
pretty much all day. It's so inspiring
to hear about the future of exploration
on the moon. And if you caught the show
yesterday, you also heard some more
future space exploration news.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. From 2 mission
commander Chun Wang will be one of the
first humans to become an interplanetary
traveler. Don't think I've ever said
that word before. While also joining
Starship's first mission to fly past the
moon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Incredible.
&gt;&gt; Amazing. In fact, that Dragon capsule
that you saw there was Dragon
Resilience. That is the same uh Dragon
spacecraft that administrator Isaac Ben
flew in both Inspiration 4 and Polaris
Dawn. So, it's a good one. Now, Dan, uh
we're now coming back into uh a terminal
count again. Anticipation is definitely
growing as we proceed towards our second
attempt. Once again, this is the first
flight. We're aiming to fly the first
for the first time Starship version 3.
Massive upgrades across the vehicle that
you see at the pad there as well as the
pad itself.
&gt;&gt; The good news is we've had a pretty
quiet countdown today. We are looking at
a green range still not tracking any
issues with our weather with the vehicle
or with the pad for a launch. We are now
getting into the phase where we're
closing out prop load on the ship and
then booster is going to close out in
about 15 seconds or so. Once we're fully
done with this, you're looking at 11 12
million plus pounds of liquid propellant
on board Starship and Super Heavy. We're
going to get the pad itself ready, push
back all of the propellant that's in
those lines running from the farm up to
the launch mount. Uh just kind of harden
the area and get it ready for launch.
We're going to peek inside hopefully see
the engines do a little wiggle as we do
our final steering check. That'll happen
at tminus 100 seconds. And then after we
get through tminus 40, if you tuned in
yesterday, you're very familiar. If we
need to hold, we can go into what's
called rapid recycle essentially where
we can hang out at t-minus 40 seconds.
It's built in. We're only going to hold
if there's an issue. Not currently
tracking one. They can pop up after we
pass t-minus 40, but right now we're
looking good. Hopefully going to move
right past that.
&gt;&gt; And then once we do pass t-minus 40
seconds, a number of events will occur
in quick succession. That is when the QD
vent gate or quick disconnect vent gate
will clear the gas commodity lines that
connect the pad to the vehicles. Both
the ship and the booster will configure
their comm systems for flight and will
rapidly run leak checks on gas and fluid
tanks. And the booster goes to internal
power and its engines will get their
final priming for launch while the
ship's engines begin their ascent bleed
profile and arms the automatic flight
safety system.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And once we pass t-minus 40
seconds, we still have the ability to
rapidly recycle the count under certain
conditions. Back to t-minus 40 seconds.
Looks like we might be getting some
engine wiggles here. As Dan mentioned
earlier,
these allow us to check out the thrust
vector control actuators on these
engines.
It's important to make sure that they
can steer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's definitely right. And the
flame diverter on pad 2 activates at
around t-minus 17 seconds and enters
what is essentially the point of no
return at tminus 10 seconds. If we have
a hold close to t-minus 17 seconds,
there's a chance we could recycle, but
the closer we get to tus 10, the lower
that chance becomes. We just heard we're
at tminus 1 minute.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, at this point in time, we're
going to stop talking. We're going to
let the rocket take over and listen to
some amazing pad sounds of the first
flight of Starship version 3.
All right, we are holding. We were just
waiting for the fuel push backs to
complete into the crop farm. We did hear
that that did just complete. So,
expecting them to reset that hold
shortly.
Clock hold is reset. Clock is rolling.
Flight directors go for lunch.
Nice. 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 ignition.
We have liftoff.
Set you down range.
Who's your opinion chamber pressure
nominal?
All right, we are t plus 30 seconds into
flight. See a 33 out of 33 Raptor 3
engines on booster V3 ascending over the
Gulf now. Coming up on maximum
aerodynamic pressure.
&gt;&gt; Booster and ship. Avionics power
telemetry nominal.
&gt;&gt; Systems looking good. We're just passing
through the period of maximum dynamic
pressure.
A little over a minute into flight now.
Vibrations chilling out here at Star
Factory as we continue to watch Starship
Flight 12 arc out over the Gulf. The
next major thing coming up is going to
be hot staging.
&gt;&gt; Booster process.
&gt;&gt; Reminder, we do what's our version of
Mo. Most engines cut off. So, we're
going to shut down all but five of the
Raptor engines on the booster.
And then after that happens, we're going
to ignite the six engines on ship while
it is still attached.
We have clamps that hold the two
together. Those are going to retract
inside of that hot stage ring, kind of
protect them.
Look like we had one of the engines go
out. Still flying on 32 of the Raptor
engines. But again, once we get the hot
staging, those six engines on the ship
are going to ignite.
We're going to do it in a little bit
different of a of a of a sequence on
version three. Essentially, those three
ARVAC engines will ignite first. Almost
immediately after, just one of those
central engines is going to ignite. And
that's going to give the booster a bit
of a kick, sending it in a known
direction, followed shortly after by the
other two.
&gt;&gt; We're through Mo. separation.
There you go. Successful hot staging
separation.
We are not seeing as many booster
engines ignite as we expected for boost
back, but we are seeing six good engines
lit on ship.
It looks like we just had an early boost
back shutdown. Again, a reminder, the
booster was planned to essentially head
into the Gulf uh for a splashdown, but
it has shut its engines down early on
into boost.
And we just see one of the ARVAC. So,
we're now running on five engines on
ship.
We do have engine out capability, so
it's going to continue into its ascent.
You got booster on the left there, ship
on the right.
&gt;&gt; Ship avionics power.
&gt;&gt; Not planning on bringing the booster
back for this flight as this was the
very first time.
All right, so we're about 3 minutes 50
seconds into today's flight. Uh just a
reminder, the the ship planned to burn
its engines uh for about 8 minutes and
change. Uh about 8 minutes and 11
seconds was our planned timeline for
today. Uh that could shift slightly as
we do have one engine out running on one
fewer Arvacs.
Again, continuing to watch. So booster
did not complete its boost back burn. We
would not see all of the engines ignite
that we expected.
Are continuing to get some views from it
though. That's going to make a splash
down somewhere in the in the Gulf.
Reminder, we clear air, sea space,
everything uh for these launches.
All right. So, we are coming up on T
plus five minutes.
Ship continuing to fire. Five of the
six.
Standing by for callouts. Making sure
ship's on its planned trajectory. Again,
we are planning a suborbital trajectory
for the ship today.
booster giving us some views as it
continues to make its way back down
towards the water.
All right, so a little over five and a
half minutes in flight. Kate, Jake, you
guys with me? Looks like booster
starting to come in hot.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we had a the opportunity to stand
outside to watch and wow that was
incredible.
Yeah, that was really loud, really
shaky, and I was actually surprised how
fast the booster got off the pad or the
whole stack. That was that was quite
incredible.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. So, we have views here from
the booster coming back down, making its
way into the Gulf.
Pretty cool to see.
&gt;&gt; And healthy chamber pressures on five
out of six ship engines.
&gt;&gt; Great news there for Starship.
Once again, we were not going to bring
the super heavy booster back to the
tower. We were planning on having it
land in the Gulf.
And it looks like the booster ended its
mission there in the Gulf. But we've got
a ship still flying. Great to see that.
still have five out of six engines there
on S39.
&gt;&gt; Yes, we also heard good chamber
pressures as well on those engines that
are lit. We do have engine out
capability. We do see that we have one
of the Arvac, one of the Raptor vacuum
engines that is currently out, but
that's okay. Ship is continuing on.
Amazing views of planet Earth there in
the background.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I love the S39 decal there. That
just gives the gives the ship a little
bit of character. And again, all these
great views brought to you by Starlink,
of course.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Obligatory shout out to the entire
Starship avionics, camera, electronics
team. Did a whole lot of work to to get
these upgraded cameras.
A look inside of the ship skirt. You can
see those three center engines ignited.
The Arvac's continuing to fire as well.
We did we did see at least a couple
engines fire up on booster for that
landing burn before we lost contact with
it.
We should have just a little over 20
seconds to go. We'll see if the burn
extends a little bit
uh for the engine out. Essentially, you
can run your engines a little bit longer
or throttle up a little bit more to
account for the the one engine not being
lit. So, right now, we are standing by
for SECO.
And again, we are continuing to go a
little bit longer.
Five engines still burning on ship.
We are coming up on t + 9 minutes
and starting to see shut down.
Arvacs have shut down. Sea levels are
shut down.
Seeing if we can get an update on the
ship orbit insertion, but we have shut
down again. We did run longer as we were
engine out. We were flying with five of
those six Raptors pretty much the whole
time.
&gt;&gt; Ship FTS is saved.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, we definitely got a
ship in space right now.
As you can see, the teams are incredibly
excited to see Starship there in space.
We are awaiting the call out of nominal
uh uh insertion. So, we're going to
stand by for that. We can see the flaps
uh moving here actuating, but wow, the
the cheers here in the lobby are
certainly almost as loud as liftoff was.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, man. Lot of action going on.
And, you know, we said at the top of the
show, excitement guaranteed. And we're
only 11 minutes in. We still have a lot
more to go here on the mission today.
So, uh, all objectives are done on the
booster. So now all eyes are on the ship
as we get ready for our in space
objectives.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. So like I said, we're still
standing by to hear the call out for
nominal orbital insertion, but we've got
a few minutes uh before the next
milestone. So we're going to continue.
We've got some amazing views here of the
ship. Wow. It's just that this is our
planet. This is our home.
As a reminder, the objectives for ship
today uh not only included the
separation that we saw uh but we're also
planning to deploy 20 uh Starlink
simulator satellites as well as two
Dodger dog satellites. It that's what
our internal teams refer our to as our
uh our newer satellites. Um, we saw a
preview of those earlier. We should see
those deployments here in a little bit.
We're also hoping to perform uh a
relight of a Raptor engine as well.
&gt;&gt; Yep, that's exactly right. And the
relight will look a little bit different
this time. We're hoping to get a little
bit of a longer duration. Of course, we
got to see once we get there. And uh
that relight won't actually be changing
our orbit necessarily, but we're doing
it more so as a technology
demonstration.
For those of you that maybe just
recently tuned in, you missed a a a
pretty exciting almost 13 minutes. Uh we
had a liftoff uh pretty much on time
almost right exactly at 5:30 p.m. We did
have a brief hold at the t-minus 42nd
period but we were able to proceed
through that and we saw a gorgeous
liftoff. Uh Jake and I were able to
stand outside and witness that with all
of our colleagues and what a moment.
I'll tell you what, it is a heck of a
lot louder here than it was at Ad Astra.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. And um a couple things I
noticed on the way uphill today on the
ship. So uh obviously it looks like we
lost one of the RVACs on the way, but um
that is a good way to demonstrate our
potential engine out capability there.
So and I think we actually saw the three
gimbling engines kind of gimble over a
little bit to compensate for that offset
and thrust. So that was really cool.
That's something I know the team's been
uh we've analyzed that since flight one
all the way back. So, um, it's something
that we've thought about quite a bit
and, uh, it was kind of cool to see it
in action in in real life today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely.
If you couldn't tell, Jake is on the
Raptor team.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But one, uh, one non-Raptor thing
I noticed also back on the uh, when we
had the shot of the aft flaps. Uh, it's
it's a little little weird. We have
tiles on the leeward side. So, uh, not
on the side where we're going to see
heating. And you might be asking, why
are we putting tiles there? I had the
same question actually. Act actually. So
I talked to some of our heat shield
engineers the other day and we're
actually running Yeah. Here's the shot
right here. Great. So the fact that
we're seeing all these tiles still on
the flap right now is really good
because that actually was one of our
experiments where we wanted to test
different connection methods uh on the
way uphill on ship. So actually a scent.
So it looks like most if not all the
tiles are still hanging on there. So
that's actually a really good data
point.
&gt;&gt; Looks pretty good to me. Now once again
this view is from the side of Starship
which is uh basically the second stage
of the Starship vehicle as a whole. This
is one of the flaps on the vehicle that
helps to control its position and
attitude as it is orbiting
and also helps to control during
re-entry as well. That's a critical
phase. Um, I mentioned earlier that
we're hoping to deploy those Starlink
satellite uh simulators as well as um
perform an inspace relight of a Raptor
engine. If all of that goes well, we
will be targeting a soft splashdown in
the Indian Ocean. We heard from Seren on
the recovery team a little bit earlier.
They are standing by waiting uh to
receive the ship that we see here.
All right, let's send it upstairs. Dan,
how's it looking?
&gt;&gt; Hey guys, we are looking good. It does
look like we are within bounds of what
we analyzed if we were down one of our
ARVAC engines. So, I wouldn't call it
nominal orbital insertion, but we're in
an on a trajectory that we had analyzed
and it's within bounds. So, uh team's
continuing to work through it with that
engine out. are working some through
some steps on the engines. We probably
will end up skipping the Raptor relight
um for today, but it sounds like we
should still be on for payload deploy at
least at this time. So, very dynamic
moments right here with the ship. Uh but
we do have it in space. It is on a
trajectory now headed towards the other
side of the planet and then a splash
down in the Indian Ocean.
It's going to start to get darker. We're
heading into an orbital sunset. Um, so
we're gonna we're gonna have darkness
for a little bit and then it'll brighten
up once we're on the other side of the
planet and hopefully looking at some uh
some good daylight when we reenter into
the Indian Ocean.
All right, so we're a little over 17
minutes into flight. If you're just now
catching up with us, uh we did see a
liftoff right at the top of our window.
Uh Super Heavy getting off the pad,
initially lighting all 33 of those
Raptor engines. got through a successful
hot staging. Initially lit six engines
on ship, had one RVAC go out on the way
uphill, but still able to make it into
space.
And right now, we're trying to see if we
are going to get into payload deploy
still.
We're coming up right on the part of the
timeline when we were expecting it. You
look inside a Starship there. I see a
door opening.
Looks like Hal didn't wait. Pez door is
open. Just a reminder, we've got 22
deployables in the payload bay today. 20
of those Starlink mass simulators and
then two are our dodger dogs, as we like
to call them internally, uh, sitting up
their modified V2 Starlink satellites.
Those are going to be testing a bunch of
components that we're planning to fly on
uh Starlink V3 and we've also got them
outfitted with a number of cameras for
another tech demo that we're trying out
on this flight. We definitely are
looking for a way that we can look at uh
Starship's heat shield while it's still
in space. You can kind of only see so
much from the cameras and the flaps. you
can't see everything kind of on the
underbelly and one of the only ways you
can do that is if you got something else
flying near it. So, uh we're going to
attempt to uh our final two satellites
going out the door have a suite of
cameras on them that are going to be
looking back at the ship. We're going to
be in nighttime and so we've got
sounds like we're getting into payload
deploy. We'll be in nighttime. They've
got some powerful
uh flashlights on them to try and
illuminate the ship's heat shield while
we fly away from it. So,
we see some PEZ motion.
Pew. Pew.
Two down, 20 to go.
As a reminder, that's that's one of the
things that we upgraded in version
three. Kind of gave the a little soup up
to the the PEZ dispensers. So, those
satellites going to move out a little
bit quicker than they did on previous uh
Starship flight tests.
So, first two out the door. Two more on
their way out.
All right, four down, 18 to go.
Flexing my basic math skills here today.
Again, the majority of the stack, 20 of
these 22 satellites, they're essentially
just mass simulators. So, they're
roughly the same size as those Starlink
V3 sats that we're hoping to fly later
this year.
And from this top down view, so you're
looking down at the stack, those two
satellites you see on the very top that
they'll look very different. They've got
solar arrays. They've got a bunch of
other deployables on them that we're
going to be testing out that are going
to be V3 tech. And they've got uh three
engineering cameras and then one other
camera that's hopefully going to be
giving us some views of Starship in
space.
But we will we will see how that works.
Again, this very much a tech demo. We're
going to deploy those. The satellite's
going to kind of try and turn everything
on, look back at Starship. And the
primary reason we're trying to do this
is to get some views of the heat shield.
All right, two more out the door.
&gt;&gt; Two more out the door. And I think that
counts uh that comes up to eight total.
USA.
&gt;&gt; As you can tell, the teams are stoked to
see this demonstration happening. Uh
it's it's pretty incredible to see this
happening live from space. Now, as we
noted earlier in the show, but worth
repeating, this Starship version 3 is
built to deploy up to 60 of Starlink's
more advanced V3 satellites.
Everything's V3 designed to offer 60
terabits per second of down link
capacity per satellite. Now that is 20
times more than each Falcon 9 does
today. Incredible.
All right, I think that's number 10
going out the door.
Yeah, there it goes.
So yeah, the camera view you have on
your left screen there is basically
right at the bottom of the payload
volume. So the kind of dome-shaped
uh structure you see there is that's
actually the top of the fuel tank.
Then the camera view that you have on
the right is an external camera that we
have positioned so that you can see
basically the light through the open PEZ
dispenser door um that you see that's
that sliver of light. We can see the
Starlinks uh here deploying as each one
comes through.
As we mentioned, we have 20 of these
Starlink simulator satellites. And then
we have two of these specially modified
um as we call them, dodger dogs here
around here. Uh those, as Dan mentioned
earlier, they have some V3 tech on them,
some solar arrays, and uh those will be
the last two that will be deployed
today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. And uh seeing this
like as I think Dan called him
turbocharged or supercharged uh PEZ
dispenser uh it's definitely coming out
much faster than our previous flights.
So that is really good to see. Uh yeah,
look at that.
And especially once we, you know, fill
Starship up all the way with around 60
or so these Starlinks, being able to
deploy them fairly expediently, uh, you
know, is going to be important for
designing the overall mission profile.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Now, fans of Starship may know that
Starlink enables lots of unprecedented
views both from space, as we see here,
and on Earth. In addition to the dozens
of cameras on Starship itself, we also
have mobile Starlink camera kits
deployed in the Indian Ocean.
&gt;&gt; Yes, Starlink also connects our aerial
cinematography units on the ground at
Starbase and at other strategic camera
spots around Texas.
&gt;&gt; It's all part of how it all comes
together
to tell the incredible story of Starship
both on and off planet.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
All right, we're we're getting low on
the stack. Looks like we got two more of
those simulators to go out and then it
will be time for our Dodger dogs, those
modified Starlink satellites.
Just a couple of updates while we
continue to watch payload deploy. did
get confirmation we're going to be
skipping that relight of the Raptor
engine um just due to everything that we
saw on the way uphill. Uh those sea
level engines, we're going to use them
for a landing burn though. They are
still capable uh to be used for that. So
we'll still look to do a controlled
landing in the Gulf,
but no inspace relight.
All right, I think that's 19 and 20
headed out the door.
And then coming up are our Dodger dogs.
So, these are modified V2 Starlink
satellites.
We do have a number of cameras on these
that are going to attempt to look back
at Starship. We're not going to get this
video in real time, but we're going to
try and turn it around if we do get some
video down.
So we don't worry if we get views of
Starship from these satellites we will
be sharing
and these these will be exciting because
again they're really a tech demo getting
our chance to test out some of the the
technologies for version three.
All right, I think that's 18 and 20. My
basic math skills are failing. All
right, here we go.
We're standing by for Starship,
basically to serve the first Dodger dogs
to low Earth orbit.
And one out the door.
And in this view, you can kind of see on
the right side of the satellite, you see
some bright white spots. Those are our
flashlights beneath them. The camera is
going to attempt to look back and image
Starship's heat shield
as it flies slowly away from the
vehicle.
And there it goes.
Let there be light.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it almost looks like the light is
just shining right at us there.
&gt;&gt; If you couldn't tell, we're pretty
excited.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it is always sunny in space.
&gt;&gt; Always sunny in space. And that looks
like an empty payload bay. So, sure
does.
&gt;&gt; That's exactly what you want to see
there. That's great.
So yeah, with payload deploy complete,
oh, you can see the door closing there.
All right, there we go. So yeah, with
payload deploy complete, Starship will
now close this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Starship uh we closed the payload
door and we're going to continue to
coast around Earth all the way to the
Indian Ocean. So still a lot of major
events to come today. Sounds like we're
not going to hit that Raptor relight um
based on what Dan was saying. But after
that, of course, we'll have the
atmospheric re-entry and splashdown. And
with that, we're going to go on another
quick coast.
&gt;&gt; So sit tight, enjoy some amazing space
views and the space jams, of course. And
we'll be back in a few minutes for
Raptor relight. Excuse me, not for the
relight, but we'll be standing by for uh
atmospheric re-entry.
&gt;&gt; Howdy, gang. What did we think? That was
exciting. Excitement guaranteed. It's
always guaranteed. Um Hal has closed the
pot bay doors.
Can't do that. Sorry. I can't do that.
Wonder if they arranged for the sun to
be behind it. Yeah, maybe. Uh I mean
they
orbits are reasonably predictable.
That go. Hope it's not too loud in my
background so it doesn't bleed through
so we don't get copyright issues for
crying out loud
these days. 67 seems more likely. How
dare you say how dare you? Very fun. We
have some fun around here. I uh um
don't know what happened. These are new
V3 Raptors. I suspect there's some
growing things in there. Seeing one out
on ascent. not ideal. Seeing uh the
boost back uh the boost back burn not
work right. You could see that was a
mess. You had too many that was too many
out. You're not going to maintain
stability doing that. And then of course
one of the vacuum engines not lighting
not ideal. But if you can still get to
the splash down zone and do a soft
landing with one engine out. I will say
I am more hopeful for this heat tile
arrangement. Make it a little bigger.
Why not? This heat tile arrangement than
I was for previous heat tile
arrangements because this looks like a
final design. Yeah, they've got some
test articles around the ship. But you
know, Bill's said it right. Seeing a
skyscraper lift off never ceases to
amaze me.
And then you can control its movements
from there. Recover it. Mental.
Mental.
So that's always fun. Splash down. So to
clarify, they're not doing relight in
flight. That was to test the ability to
relight and, you know, go to a different
a higher orbit, a faster orbit, whatever
it may be. A lot of reasons you would
want to be able to relight in transit.
We're going to skip that. Feels like we
might have some additional errors, but
we are still going to go for the soft
splash, the touchdown in the Indian
Ocean to simulate what it would be like
trying to catch this bad boy.
First try, got to expect glitches.
Someone had pointed out earlier in the
chat that this first V3 is much more
successful than the first V2. So, that's
good. And remember, if this was a
singleuse rocket, like all the other
companies sell, it would already be
flight certified. The only reason we're
still testing is because we want it to
do things that other rockets can't or
won't. Makes it more complicated, makes
it more expensive up front, but once you
get it dialed in, makes it cheaper
forever by a lot. The idea that a
Starship launch will cost less than a
Falcon 9 launch. I said, "How could it?
You got 10 times the fuel." It was
pointed out that you don't have a
disposable second stage. The second
stage just lands,
right? Got it. So really, the only cost
per launch is the fuel and the
refurbishment. And these are designed to
require far less refurbishment. When you
look at that Raptor 3 engine, it's not
designed to be taken all the way apart
and put all the way back together. It's
designed to just work. That costs a lot.
Uh, has Brian frozen for everyone? Have
I frozen? Let me know. I'm not saying
volume not good and cutting out.
You'll have to let me know.
Those are all YouTube comments. Let me
know if I'm still hearing clear. I don't
know. Um, my volume levels look all
right on my screen. Evelyn Mo says I am
not frozen
and uh
because it's nice and toasty in the
office here. Little over 70. Yeah, not
quite 75. It's nice. It's nice today.
Not for me. A little choppy on the
audio. Interesting.
Yes. uh to which
I am so fine
thought how many people didn't know
there they were claustrophobic my buddy
didn't until we all got stuck in an
elevator at Amsterdam airport for an
hour you know not to joke around but
yesterday channel frequent RA Monle told
a story of one time he was trapped for
over an hour uh between floors he was on
an escalator and the power went out and
there's no call boxes on escalator So, I
mean, what do you even do? So, that's
stressful. Uh, can see you, but less
volume. H. Well, the volume is pretty
cranked.
Oh, reloaded. All good now. Okay.
Sounding bubbly.
I don't know. Everyone, we're in too
many people saying it's fine.
On point, loud and clear. Uh, yeah. So,
uh, climb stairs. No, no, this was a
this was an escalator jack. So, there
were no stairs. Uh, and the escalator
was out out of service. No call blocks.
Had to wait an hour for rescue. Just
continue. Walk it. What are you talking
about? I don't understand.
Can't you just walk? Guys, I have no
earthly idea what you're talking about.
When an escalator is out, it's out. You
know what are you going to do? Uhhuh.
Only because you have no heat. I have no
I do have a heater. I have no climate
control. I have just a little bit of
resistive heating that I can tap into
from time to time. But hey, uh so we are
in the drift. Um someone had made a joke
earlier on. I hope it's at least partly
a joke that they have co-workers who
despite being reasonably functional
adults with the ability to drive and
type, they still have flat earth
tendencies. Um, and that is uh crazy.
How can you watch this?
There we go. How can you watch all these
launches and not get it? I don't know.
Um, an escalator is a moving stairway.
It's still stairs when it stops. Yeah,
but it's an escalator. Picture an
escalator at the mall. That's what we're
all picturing. Yeah, I can picture it.
And the poor guy's just stuck there in
the middle of it. Can't go anywhere.
That's the joke.
So, yeah, we have some fun around here.
If you are new to the channel, you are u
free to subscribe. It helps out. every
bit helps out. So, I would appreciate
that. I've been doing this for five and
a half years. I've made thousands of
videos and I have less than 80,000
subscribers, which is super frustrating.
But hey, man, what are you going to do?
Do they have summers in the UK? I don't
I don't know if they do. I've been there
in the summer. I did get a sunburn.
That's not because it was actually a
real summer. I burn on cloudy days in
the winter.
What? Oh, that's the deploy shot. We got
the deploy shot. Hide this.
Hide this. That That was the shot of it
going out. Beautiful.
Didn't know what we were seeing.
Oh, so it may not have been the sun.
There may have been the light shining
from the ejected uh dummy.
Don't tell Dan Odab that these are
dummies or he will get a car up there
and crash into them.
&gt;&gt; Both of those satellites.
We're going to roll that back again.
Again, this is a view from
from one of those satellites as we
deployed. It looks like this was from
the last one out. Flashlight turning on,
taking a look at Starship in space.
The way this system is set up is the
satellites are essentially recording it,
then making contact with our Starlink
constellation and then transferring that
video back down to us on the ground.
That's a starship in space.
So, aside from just being really cool,
this was our test to try and develop a
free flyer that we could fire outside of
Starship's payload bay, look back at it,
and then do essentially a pirouette with
Starship to get a look at the heat
shield where it's going to be really
important when we start bringing these
things back for a catch, uh, which we
are hopefully doing in the not too
distant future, um, as they are intended
to be fully reusable. Uh, but this will
give us an opportunity to look at the
heat shield while Starship is still in
space. So, there was a glimpse. We'll
see if we get any more video down from
those satellites. But, I mean, that's
that's one we've been chasing for a
while. So, really cool to see it come to
fruition here on flight 12.
All right, coming up on 40 minutes 40
minutes into the flight and we should
start hitting the re-entry period uh in
the next
7 minutes or so. You'll start to see a
light show building up. Uh as we had
talked about, we did skip that on orbit
relight of the Raptor engine. It was not
needed uh for our trajectory or
anything. We are on this suborbital
trajectory to splash down in the Indian
Ocean. We are we are going to attempt a
landing burn. Uh we'll see how they
perform when we get there. And just a
reminder, we're going to be we are going
to be stressing the ship on the way in.
We're going to intentionally do a
maneuver where we're going to kind of
pitch the nose up and deploy those a
those bottom flaps uh to really put a
lot of pressure on them. So, we'll see
how it does through that maneuver and
then we'll be doing kind of a final
banking turn before we get to a landing
burn. So, all that coming up in a few
minutes. The light show should start
beginning real soon.
Uh-huh. So, yeah, that's uh that was
beautiful footage. I'm glad we got to
see that. Um, at least now we understand
the sun. So the question is, did they
schedule the sun? Yeah. And they
installed it as well. Those were lights.
I suspect says traveling. Well, the
plasma was a
show was a light show the first time we
saw it.
Oh, maybe maybe
this Well, this was filmed in a studio,
you guys. It was totally filmed in a
studio. They will they will they will
say all kinds of madness. Um but my
again like I asked yesterday on the live
stream when we were discussing
flat-earthers
why who benefits from this conspiracy.
Um, I watched a great documentary about
flatearthers and there was this cowboy
fella up on stage singing about flat
earth and globes are dumb and all that
and he gets off stage and the interview
crew is like, "Hey, can we interview you
for our real documentary?" He's like,
"Yeah, of course, of course, mate.
Mate, yeah, he's Australian. He's not a
real cowboy. This is just a thing he
does. He found a way to make money and
he makes money." Hilarious. doesn't
believe any of that nonsense. How could
you? Uh you're not in preschool.
Preschoolers commit some of a wide
variety of things.
Uh but you know, beyond that, critical
thinking begins to form as well as
object permanence.
We are watching the technology being
deployed into space that will forever
change the trajectory of mankind. That
is a positive uh way of thinking about
it. Um, yes. Uh, I do hear from really
cynical people saying, "Well, Starlink
shouldn't exist. It ruins my amateur
astronomy that I don't even do." It's
like, right, but you don't do it. That's
the thing is you don't do it. And
is your hypothetical, not even real
amateur astronomy, somehow more valuable
than a billion people getting the
ability to get online for the first time
in their entire lineage.
So
don't be so selfish. It's easy for us to
say, well, just go with terrestrial
options. There aren't any. Or a lot of
people even just outside big cities in
the US. And we've dumped billions into
trying to make it happen. And those
companies just had the money for lunch.
It's delicious. You should try it.
Starship is big enough to have a studio.
Maybe you should do your streams from
there. Aller ceiling at least. This one
is about 62. People, oh, why don't you
get a standing desk? Because you would
see the rafters. You would just be in
them. If you guys want to see the
rafters, let me know. I can repoint the
camera for you. It's very funny. Very
low. Could be worse. could be stuck on a
moving walkway. Oh, those are longer. If
you were stuck on a moving if one of
those lost power, maybe they could
rescue you over the side. I I don't
know. There's no way of knowing. Um,
that Capricorn idea is fantastic.
They'll need to name the first test moon
mission Capricorn 1.
Globe manufacturers benefit, of course.
Yes. Won't anyone think of Big Globe and
their
army of lobbyists?
Globe. Aren't those like eight dollars?
Yeah. But you make up for it in volume.
So excited to buy shares in space sex.
That's right. Thought that was the name
of the movie. Uh
we're going to try and tear the grid
fins off. Watch this. Dude, these grid
fins are so resilient. They can survive
anything.
Anything. Well, I mean, just about. It's
too late. I'm gonna do this.
I saw Capricorn one in theaters when it
first came out.
I'm not It's not ringing any bells.
Beautiful rafters. Oh, yeah. You've seen
them.
So, I'm uh going to be repairing the
stove soon. The control module went out.
Cost $250 just for the part. Absolute
insanity. Don't buy a whirlpool. Um, it
would have been four for four for
something if I had it done
professionally, but I watched a YouTube
video. How hard could it be? And have my
son do it. And he's already told me he
doesn't know how to. And I asked him,
"Do you know how to build a computer?"
He's like, "Yeah, so easy. It's a
control module, man. Watch the video.
You'll see." Is that plasma now? Or more
offging based on the colors. That's
plasma. Anybody wish to disagree, let me
know. Uh, but I'm confident that is
plasma. Let's hide this and see what our
Oh, we can still see the speed and
whatnot down to 91 kilometers.
Wonder what happened if they went in the
opposite direction. You'd have to turn
around and walk backwards, right? Turn
around. I just I I don't know. Science
doesn't know the answer to the broken
moving sidewalk equation.
Concerned about the green plasma? I'm
not. I'm not. I do not think that is
indicative of any copper or other metals
being burnt.
I have exams in five hours. It's more
important. Yeah.
Just don't let anyone throw a metal ball
at the fins.
What would that do? What would that
Aren't they titanium?
What's all the flap about? Mhm.
Good. Good.
Most of my rafters are hiding behind the
drywall.
This entire structure has no drywall.
It's only I actually posted pictures of
it to a do-it-yourself forum and I was
informed that the only thing holding
this thing up is tradition.
Capricorn one 1978 still holds up. The
movie I'm thinking of was what was it
called? Like Moon Mission One or
something like that. It was a TV movie
that became a TV show. What was that
called? It was so terrible and it
immediately became a monster of the week
show and eventually they just left the
space aspect of it behind entirely.
We got one vote for See the Raptors. I'm
going to need more votes for it or it's
not going to happen. It's melting in
glitter. Mhm.
So crazy how we can casually chat as
magic from space happens right in front
of us. Yeah, definitely plasma.
Uh oh. The metal ball that Bronze hit it
with. Well, yes, but uh Bronze, I don't
know if you know this, is secretly a
superhero. So, he has super strength.
Common mistake. Mhm. What a time to be
alive. Well, I wouldn't know because
inside I'm just dead. Well, maybe not
today, but no sparks. That is a good
sign, Ted. That is correct. I should
have a huge screen behind you showing
what's on the monitor. Is it
Okay, they're back.
&gt;&gt; Version three. As Dan mentioned earlier,
we were able to make contact with the
modified satellites just shortly after
deployment. And as you may have seen, we
got some sweet views of those sats
looking back at the ship. Pretty cool to
see.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, those views were incredible.
&gt;&gt; Now, as you see on your screen,
currently the ship is re-entering the
Earth's atmosphere. This is the plasma
starting to build up on the exterior of
the vehicle. Now, we do not plan to
recover the spacecraft today, but rapid
and reliable reusability is the ultimate
goal.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. And re-entry is a
critical phase of flight, and we need
information on how the ship systems
perform. Re-entry is an extremely
demanding portion of flight where we
essentially have to scrub all of the
energy we use to launch the rocket back
off in reverse. So the 18 million pounds
of thrust that we had off 33 of those
Raptor engines,
&gt;&gt; just a little,
&gt;&gt; just a little, we're now and then
another, you know, several minute burn
on the ship, we're now basically undoing
all that energy here, uh, via
aerodynamic braking essentially.
And of course, Starlink is a big part of
it as that's what allows us to actually
gather this data and show these live
views.
And again, the data gathering is really
the main reason why we're doing these
flight tests. So, Starlink provides us
just one more path to collect that data
that ultimately allows us to rapidly
iterate Starship's design. Now, if ship
manages to make it all the way through
re-entry, we'll collect valuable data on
the spacecraft flying through the
Earth's atmosphere at these hypersonic
speeds, uh, which is basically more than
five times the speed of sound. Now, we
do anticipate that it might be a little
bit of a spicy re-entry. So, we'll see
how far we get. Re-entry is typically a
portion of flight where we don't have
communications with the spacecraft
because it's re-entering at or around
orbital velocity roughly 8 kilometers
per second. Uh, or for those of us that
think in other units, roughly 5 miles
per second. At those speeds, the
spacecraft is moving through the
atmosphere and it creates that plasma
field that we saw uh forming around the
vehicle.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And although the plasma looks
really cool, uh it does distort some
communication frequencies. So, it's not
uncommon to experience brief blackouts
in communication.
Of course, thinking long term here,
Starship is designed to land on Mars
where there are no runways or other
humans to help out. That's why we're
going with the propulsive landing
instead of a more traditional means like
parachutes.
Propulsive landing, not only again is it
more cool, but it enables a rapid uh a
more rapidly reusable uh rocket.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Now, we should hear some call outs
as the ship makes its way back to Earth.
When we hear entry max heating and entry
max Q, that means the ship has made it
through the maximum heating and
aerodynamic loads that it will
experience as it's as it returns. So, if
we make it through those, we're doing
pretty well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
And you can see in the bottom left right
now, we're at 23 and a half,000
kilometers per hour uh speed. That's
just crazy number to think about. Um but
as we keep progressing the mission we
are going to hear a call out when the
ship is transsonic and then subsonic.
So transsonic refere ref refers to the
period of flight where the velocities of
air flow surrounding and flowing past
the vehicle are concurrently below at
and above the speed of sound kind of in
that Mach 0.8 to 1.2 range. And for
reference, commercial jets have a range
of cruising speeds, but mostly fly
around Mach 74 to Mach.85.
And after we hear the call out that
Starship is transsonic, we should hear
the call out when Starship is subsonic.
This refers to speeds that are much less
than the speed of sound. So at this
point in the flight, ship's velocity
will be slowing down.
We definitely have a crowd still here in
the lobby of uh SpaceX headquarters down
here at Starbase, Texas. Everyone is,
you know, loves watching ship re-entry.
It's always such amazing colors. It This
must be what it feels like to be one of
those uh praying mantis shrimp or mantis
shrimp. I'm not can't remember exactly
what the name is, but the ones that see
in billions of colors. This is the
closest I feel to being one of those.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. I think one other thing that's
cool to point out right now is uh look
in the bottom right, you can see where
we are on a globe there. We're squarely
in the Indian Ocean already and we've
only been flying for 53 minutes. So,
pretty crazy. We went all the way from
Texas to the Indian Ocean in less than
an hour.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, she flies pretty fast.
&gt;&gt; She flies very fast.
All right. So, the light show
continuing. We are through the period of
peak heating and we'll be looking at the
peak pressure coming up in the next
couple of minutes. The next 10 minutes
are probably going to be the spiciest of
entry today. As a reminder, we are going
to be doing uh some stress work on this
ship where we're going to do a maneuver
where we kind of uh kick the nose up to
fully deploy those a flaps uh to really
get a a good test of the structural
strength of that part of the ship. We
did that on one previous flight test on
version two. We're going to try and do
that today. Uh since we did skip the
inspace burn, we're carrying a little
bit of extra propellant in our header
tanks up in the nose and so that's going
to put a little bit of extra stress on
those forward flaps as we come in. So we
will see if they're able to hold through
through that re-entry. Um so that will
be another watch item. We did skip that
in space burn. Uh but we are expecting
at least two of those sea level engines
to try and ignite for a landing burn. Um
we entered the entry period in a good
attitude. Um so hopefully making our way
to the targeted splashdown point. We've
got that Starship recovery team standing
by and we should be about 10 minutes
away from splashdown. So lot of
excitement over the next couple of
minutes. Kate and Jake, let's see how
Starship holds up on the way in.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, and we just heard on the nets
there that engine chill has started. So,
essentially what that means is we are
prepping the landing engines by getting
them down to temperature ahead of that
landing burn later in the mission here.
And on a lot of our previous flight
tests, we've been removing a bunch of
the tiles. If you've watched those, we
were really intentionally trying to push
ship beyond its limits. Uh on the last
flight, we even had uh basically a hole
get punched into the liquid oxygen tank
that you could see when we did the
landing burn into the ocean, and this
ship was still able to make it. Uh, but
right now we're we're really going to be
testing the structural strength of these
flaps on the way in. And we're this is a
flight test. We're trying to
intentionally find where our limits are.
And in this view, you're looking at a
whole bunch of tiles. I think Jake
talked about it earlier. We bonded some
additional tiles to uh the the leeward
or kind of the metal side of Starship to
see how those different bonding
techniques would hold up. And looking
like we've got quite a bit still
attached.
Yeah. And as we're going down through
the atmosphere here, we are at about
Mach 16.1.
So, still extremely fast. Uh although we
have, you know, scrubbed off a
substantial
amount of our speed already. Altitude at
a little less than 60 kilometers.
All right, we're about eight minutes
away from our targeted landing and
splashdown time. Again, this is when the
ship's going to start really
&gt;&gt; ship is approaching the end of the peak
heating region.
Just heard the call out getting to the
end of the peak heating. So the the
highest temperature sh the starship's
going to see during its re-entry.
This camera angle changes as it is
attached to the forward flap on
Starship. So, we're actually
experiencing the articulation of that
hardware helping to steer the ship down
for its precise landing in the Indian
Ocean.
&gt;&gt; Yep. That is just a really cool uh kind
of cool piece of perspective there. I
know some people say it makes them a
little seasick, but I definitely love
it. makes it feel like you're, you know,
you're really riding along with the ship
on the way down.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And aside from just looking cool,
all these camera views providing just
really critical data on how the heat
shield, how the flaps themselves are
holding up. It's why we've got these in
the flaps and then all scattered all
around the ship so you can see how they
hold up. There's some internal to the
vehicle too that and we're getting all
of this video back via Starlink even as
we're just enshrouded in plasma. We're
able to kind of operate at a high enough
frequency to punch through. And that is
blue ocean and sunlight you're seeing
just beyond the flap. So, we are coming
down into daylight hopefully splashing
down in the next six minutes or so in
the in the Indian Ocean. Uh we've we've
still got a couple of maneuvers lined up
where we're going to be really stressing
the flaps on the ship. So
&gt;&gt; ship has passed through the peak heating
region. External temperatures are coming
down.
&gt;&gt; Wow, that is incredible news. As Dan
mentioned, we were expecting this
re-entry to be super spicy. Uh but
excellent news that we're now past that
period of peak heating and that now the
external temperatures are starting to
decrease.
those heat shield tiles there on the
belly of the ship really doing a ton of
work to burn off all of that inertia
that the vehicle had uh prior to
re-entering the atmosphere.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you can tell by the Gmemeter
down on the bottom right that we're
starting to pick up a couple more G's
here. So, we're definitely entering the
thicker part of the atmosphere where
we're scrubbing off all that energy.
like Kate's saying.
&gt;&gt; All right, just about five minutes or so
to go. We're coming up shortly on the
the maneuver where we're going to it's
affectionately called the the flap slap
where we're going to kind of pitch the
nose up on the ship and you're going to
see those a flaps, the ones in the very
bottom, fully deploy.
Ship is at peak dynamic pressure
&gt;&gt; and we're now at peak pressure.
&gt;&gt; Ship flap load test has started.
Looks like it's holding.
Again, the intent of that was to put
just a lot of extra stress on those a
flaps. We are expecting the forward ones
too to see a little bit of extra stress
as we've got more propellant in our
header tank. So the area right at the
very nose of
&gt;&gt; flat blow test is complete
&gt;&gt; and we're through that test.
&gt;&gt; There we go. And we just did that test
at Mach 7 just for reference there. So
we are still going incredibly fast.
All right, we are just about three and a
half minutes or so away from our
targeted landing burn. Again, we're
expecting to try and see two of these
Raptor engines light for the landing
burn. Normally, we plan for three, but
we're going to give it a try with two.
&gt;&gt; Hopefully, we've got
&gt;&gt; ship is starting the RTLS banking
maneuver.
&gt;&gt; And that right there. So, we're starting
a a banking maneuver. And essentially
what that is is when we come back to
Starbase or when we plan to come back to
Starbase, the trajectory is designed so
we'll essentially swing out over the
Gulf and do a swoop maneuver to then
come back to the towers for catch. And
so
we are doing that exact same maneuver as
we head towards our targeted splash down
in the Indian Ocean.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, and that call out there that
we heard, uh, RTLS stands for return to
launch site. So, definitely a pretty
cool thing we're demoing here on the
ship, you know, as in the future, we are
going to be trying to bring the ship
back to the launch site, which is
&gt;&gt; going to be absolutely insane.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. But, of course, we want to
test out these maneuvers, these
principles prior to actually bringing
the hardware back to the pad. This is
the same reason why we were um you know
intentionally not trying to bring the
booster back to the pad. So we're trying
all these things out in this
developmental phase of the vehicle uh
and you know really proving what a test
flight is.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Dynamic pressure is coming down.
&gt;&gt; All right. We heard there dynamic
pressure coming down and I'd say we're
in a pretty good bank right now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Executing the power slide. We're
about 90 seconds away from our
anticipated landing burn. Clouds coming
up. Pretty sunrise on the other side of
the planet.
Starship is subsonic and is on target.
The crowd here reacting to that call
out, letting us know that we are on
target for this precise landing in the
Indian Ocean. This will once again be a
soft splashdown.
We should get some pretty cool views
from the recovery team who we chatted
with earlier. They are standing by to
receive this ship. Once again, this is
the first flight of our completely
redesigned Starship version three.
Yeah. And if you remember the suborbital
flights from a few years ago, this is
very much the same regime that we're in
here. So, we're sub 15 kilometers
executing what we call the belly flip
maneuver.
Ah, yes. Serial number eight, the first
belly flop. I remember it well.
Just some really amazing views of the
Earth as the ship is coming back home.
Thanks, Starlink.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you can see the aft flap there
making minor corrections.
&gt;&gt; Starship is turning for final approach
to landing site. Look at that turn.
&gt;&gt; There we go. Minor corrections and a
full turn.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Starship doesn't fly like an
airplane. It's a lot more like a
skydiver.
Full belly flop on the way down. Using
those flaps similar to arms to help
change the the the path of the air over
you. Coming up real soon.
Again, going for a landing burn. Trying
to light two of these Raptor sea level
engines.
Landing burn startup.
&gt;&gt; Landing burn startup.
&gt;&gt; Two engine flip.
Successful flip.
Go.
Good show time.
Oh,
amazing.
That wall of fire is exactly what we
wanted to see for the ship today. As
weird as it may sound to to to hear, but
it is the truth.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely wild. We, you know, at the
beginning of the show,
&gt;&gt; we're pretty hyped.
&gt;&gt; We guaranteed excitement at the
beginning of the show and I'd say
Starship delivered.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
An incredible day for Starship. That was
the first flight of that completely
redesigned vehicle. Uh, as you could
tell, the teams are incredibly proud of
uh, what we just saw.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, V3 definitely showed up. That was
that was amazing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We've uh, pretty happy crowd in
the control room behind me. I will say
it's probably the most excited I've seen
a lot of people in a in a really long
time. Uh, on target landing.
Wow. Uh, actually, let's let's jump
over. Hey Tyler, how's everyone holding
up in Athorne?
We're having a great time, Dan. Thank
you so much. That was another exciting
Starship flight in the books, and we
hope that you enjoyed those awesome
Starlink views. So, congratulations to
the team at Starbase and everyone here
and around the company. So many
employees have contributed to the
Starship program as we continue to
iterate and make progress towards a
multilanetary future. So, that wraps it
up for us here in Hawthorne. Thank you
guys for tuning in and back to you, Dan.
&gt;&gt; All right, thanks. So, just to recap, we
lifted off right at the top of our
window, 5:30 p.m. Central time. We were
able to see the booster light 33 of
those Raptor engines get off the pad and
ascent over the Gulf. Successful hot
stage separation. Initially lit six of
those Raptor engines, lost one of the
Arvacs on the way uphill. Uh, and then
the booster didn't complete its full
boost back. Its mission ended a little
bit early. Uh, but landed in the clear
area that we had set in advance. Uh once
we were on orbit with ship, we were able
to get through our payload deployment,
22 satellites, the 20 simulators, the
two Dodger dogs, which successfully
turned on cameras. We'll see if we got
any more views from those. Uh so
obviously stick around. Skipped the
Raptor relight, but made it through
re-entry on target landing in the Indian
Ocean. You saw those views. Starship
made it. Uh just it's been a long time
coming. We're really excited to see this
vehicle fly and there are several more
on the way. So, that's going to do it
for me up here. Send it back down to
Kate and Jake and everybody who I hope
is at least a little bit excited uh down
in Star Factory.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. It is absolutely insane down
here. Um, we would, you know, of course
want to thank the fine people of Cameron
County, including the residents here at
Starbase, um, as well as the Coast
Guard, the Federal Aviation
Administration, the government of
Mexico, and of course, the Australian
Space Agency.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, honestly, just huge
congratulations to all our teammates
here at SpaceX and everyone who's
supported uh, the Starship mission just
in general here. It's been a massive
effort. really incredible.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a lot of people that
worked really hard to make things look
easy. So, shout out to those teams. Um,
now be sure to follow SpaceX on X for
updates uh and more exciting views that
we didn't get to show you on today's
live program. I have a feeling we'll see
some pretty amazing stuff come from uh
the uh those demonstration satellites
that we were uh able to show some
initial footage of. Um, now if you're
interested in more launch uh coverage,
head on over to our profile um on X. We
also have spacex.com/launches
for you to check out for the most
up-to-date information. So, thanks to
all of you for tuning in. We're going to
close it out and celebrate with our
colleagues. Thank you so much for tuning
in and have a great night. We'll see you
next time.
All right. So, that's what it looks
like. Hey, uh, thanks everybody for
hanging out. Yes, you wanted to see the
rafters. I don't know why, but it's
right there. That's where it is. That's
where the magic begins and ends. It's uh
about It's about six foot two in here.
Um,
Lightning Ryan could tell me what he
thinks of the headroom if he's still in
here, but uh, yeah. Yeah, but with 1.1
million views, he really should get more
thumbs up. Yeah, that 1.1 was definitely
me. Uh, now that of course is the is the
uh views on the SpaceX feed. Makes more
sense that they would get the million
views.
I, you know, got some, got some, and we
got to hang out. So, if these happen,
uh, again, and I'm at a studio where I
can do it, I'll do it again. Why not?
Uh, paint it white to make it lighter in
there. Um, I have no problem getting
plenty of lighting. Uh, but
that's not the problem. I' I've got a
new desk. I'm going to be putting in the
new desk. I'm going to be working on
reconfiguring the studio. that well.
It's just it's just it's just so much
work and I don't have the head space
because I've got too much going on all
the time. I enjoyed your feed better.
Thank you. Appreciate it. It's you know
uh someone had said before it feels more
like uh hanging out with friends than
being in a you know crowded auditorium
where you don't know anybody. Yeah.
Lemon tree for the win. With the new
camera I'm using, I stopped lighting it
because it didn't look great and it's a
pain because it's not it's just more
steps. So, you know, trying to keep it
easy. Thanks all. 218 thumbs up. That's
not too bad.
On the 30th, there are two things going
on near Portland you might be interested
in. One is a drive with the Oregon
Electric Vehicle Association out to Camp
18. Meet up in Portland. drive out to
camp 18 near the coast, have brunch, and
also from and that's at like 9:10 a.m.
maybe 10:00 a.m. and then also
location. They're having their open
house sort of thing. I may be at one or
both of these uh trying to convince some
folks in the family to go. Who knows,
man. Free the lemon tree. It's plastic.
It's fine. Hello from Marietta, Georgia.
Need good ventilation.
This has nothing but ventilation. It's
an old uh carriage house. Um that's why
uh sometimes uh large flies get in.
Large bugs, bees, uh birds from time to
time have been found trying to escape. I
help them. It's very easy. I just open
the big old sliding door. Out they go.
Ah, thanks everybody. Uh, what did I
miss? What did I miss? Understand? Like,
subscribe. If you're catching this on
the replay, let me know. Leave that in
the comments. Uh, everybody else, you
know, stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
can't wait to hear from you clever
robots when you subscribe so we can
catch the next one.