Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Just Got A Massive Optimus Production Signal
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7Hmtf0L5nc
Published:   2026-09-24 20:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-10-01 02:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Whether it weighs 130 pounds or 40
pounds, I
don't know what the final amount will be, but a
humanoid robot might just stop when it thinks, 'I do
n't know what to do
.'  You can stop for a moment and
stay still in that spot.
Cars can never do that
.  You can't exactly say, "Oh, I don't know what I'm doing
."  So, is it
time for Tesla's Optimus Robot to be deployed in the field
?  There is a lot of movement right now
.  Audits are being conducted across the entire Chinese supply chain
, and it appears that the factories themselves are operating to
some extent, even if not in a completely free mode
.  What does this
mean?  Is this product
actually ready for launch
?  We have invited experts for this purpose
.  Dr. No Itol is
someone who has been researching Optimus in depth for many years
.  In particular, if I let him know in advance what we will discuss
and
double-check that I am ready, he
often knows a lot
.  Alright then, shall we get started
?  I
am Brian.  Welcome to Futurama
.  John, how are
you?  Yes, I'm doing
well.  how about you?
Hmm, I'm fine too.  You know, how should I put it...
what can I do?  I'm so
happy that autumn has finally come.  The temperature is about 20 to 25 degrees right now
, but
what was it in Celsius?  About 70 degrees?
Anyway, it was really terribly hot
.  It's nice that it's getting a bit cooler now
.  Viva!
Unusually, the northwestern region was
not affected by the heatwave this year.
So I had a pretty pleasant summer
.  Our summer was like your
autumn.  It's really fascinating
.  Ah, for those who don't know
, you
can find Dr. No It-All at X.    You
can also subscribe.  I have
71,400 followers.  If it were a
cult, it would be incredibly
successful.  But that is
not the case.  Ah, but YouTube is
doing much better.  98,800
people?  It's
working much better on YouTube.
Hmm, it's increasing little by little.    It
seems to be increasing a little every time I check.  At this rate, we might
reach 100,000 by the end of the year
.  Everyone, please help me
!    The
channel's anniversary is on October 19th, so I would
appreciate it if everyone could help us until then.
Yes, if you really hate it,
push it off a cliff.  This
is a cliff.  So, it
doesn't matter which way it is.  The
article I was reading was this one
.  Actually, I was reading a different article
, but when I went back, I
realized I had a paid subscription
.  That's enough.  Damn it.
Yeah,
darn it.  Seriously, darn it.
Your personal article isn't
good enough for me to pay to read.    yes
.
Tesla conducts
audit of Chinese suppliers for Optimus mass production
.  Several Chinese suppliers have already
secured orders for Optimus Prime and plan to
start production soon as they pass the screening process
.  So my
first question is,
what exactly is the screening, what is happening
, and what is the background
.  In fact, we will
probably never know the exact details of the review
.
However, generally, Tesla
considers its suppliers very important.  It is only natural to be supplied with high-quality products
.  I think that is important
.  However, Tesla is
very
strict about ensuring that suppliers can deliver even minor parts, such as a single screw, on time by the scheduled date.  For example, if
you order 50,000 units, the parts
must arrive on a set date
, and no questions must be answered
.  So, the inspection is
not simply a tour of the factory; it is a very important procedure
.  Well, they are looking into logistics,
supply chains, necessary materials, etc.
As you know
, no matter what kind of device you make, you
need raw materials like iron or aluminum.
So, we want to check if everything is properly
set up and if the third-tier
suppliers are stable as well
.  So, various
things are underway, and
in particular, Tesla's audit is absolutely
not something to be taken lightly.    As I
said before, in this
case, we don't know exactly what is
going on because Tesla has
n't told us, but it is
certain that they are taking this issue seriously.  They
never do things half-heartedly.    I
think it was around 2001; one
of my friends, an engineer,
went to China for a month to do auditing and
quality control.
My friend had moved the
metal
processing facilities from the U.S.
to China at the brass parts company where he used to work.  Then,
suddenly, a series of defective products costing a huge amount of money
occurred because the supplier
thought they could save even a penny by using less of elements like nickel or zinc
.    That's right
.  It's a bit complicated.  yes.
They changed the compound
.  So, a huge number of defective products were
produced.  He had
been in that position for three years
because he had to metallurgically inspect one out of every 500 parts
.    As soon
as they stopped the inspection, they
started cutting costs again
.
Ah, really.
Can I save money in that situation?
no.    It
probably isn't.  Tesla does
not want to do business with people like this.
Such behavior is clearly a problem
.
Yes, this is another example of an unannounced audit
.  This is a relatively recent
example where
new plastic must be used when producing plastic
.  I mean the
small plastic pellets coming from other factories
.  However,
auditors barged into the factory without notice and searched
through all the hoppers to check if waste plastic was being
dumped.
Many factories were dumping waste plastic
.  If they
just crush and
mix the scrap, the entire batch will
no longer meet the specified quality.    yes
.  I think that is the case.
This is a quality and compliance audit
.    We
will evaluate the quality and regulatory compliance of the relevant production lines, and if they
pass, production will resume soon
.  So, it is said that this is
closer to an industrial supply chain audit than a security audit
.  The Tesla team
arrived in Ningbo on September 16 and
started a new mass production audit.  So, it would
n't necessarily mean they produce the chips themselves.    That's right
.  We do
n't manufacture the actuators themselves.
Of course, I am talking about the elements inside those parts
.
Ah, yes.  For example, let's say we
need copper wire to wrap around an actuator
.  Because it's a magnetic motor
.  Someone has to make that copper wire
, and there are probably one or two companies
in China that produce copper wires spanning several kilometers
.    yes
.
And we just need to cut this part
out, take it to the lab, and
check if it is the proper part
.    yes
.
But is this important?
Wouldn't it be possible to build a robot without parts?
I think the most important news is not
just that we are conducting an audit
, but that we are testing for mass production
.  They simply asked, "
Can you make this?
Can you make this wire?
Can you make this screw? Can you make anything
?"  I'm not asking,
"Can you make the quantity we request
?"  That is what I am
asking.  The question is whether we can produce 50,000 units a month
.
Yes, fast production cycles and high
production volume are important.  This is precisely the
point we are
focusing on
.  This is really good news
.  Because it means Tesla is very close to full-scale mass production
.  And of course, some
interesting Optimus images are circulating on the internet today
, and I heard they are new
Optimus images
.  It looks like it was
leaked from something like an Android phone
.
It's an image someone got from an app; have you perhaps
not seen it yet?  Oh, that
's really interesting.
Yes, I am looking for that photo right now, too
.
All right.
Hmm, interestingly enough, what I found is
incorrect information.  From what I see, it
doesn't seem like the leaked Optimus image you are talking about
.  Ah, that is a wrong
image.  Yes, it
was exactly this.    yes
.  yes.
And all three of them over there.
At least one is like that.    I'm not sure about the
other two
.  Anyway, yes,
so I'll look into this
.
Uh, I think it was posted on X.
Yes,
so this
came from a reliable source.
So I was a bit puzzled.    Let's see
.    The
same picture keeps repeating
.    yes
.  Well, that's the problem.
When you find that, it's like, "Hmm, good,
there are 50 of these."  It
feels like that.    yes
.    That
's interesting.  Um, everyone, I do
n't know if you know this, but we are currently
running a special promotion where you can subscribe to both of us.    yes that's
right.  ah.  Ah, it has
changed to South America now, not South America.
Yes, please come to South America.
I changed the jingle too.  I called Les Claypool
back and sang it, and it's
really
cool.
It fits the brand image perfectly.
That's fun.
It fits the brand image perfectly.
And
you can also sponsor our activities.
YouTube
doesn't generate that much revenue, and production costs are quite high due to travel expenses and editing costs
.  And the
subscription fees for the software I use are also quite a
burden.
The cost required to maintain all of this is
substantial.  So, um,
the question is, among those parts,
how many are likely to be produced domestically within the next 3 to 5 years?
Ah, that's a really interesting question
.  I understand that Tesla has been trying to relocate many of its production
facilities to domestic or nearby regions
.
However, to be honest, especially
for the most basic components like copper wire, domestic production would be
nearly impossible not only because of the high costs but also due to the lack of a supply chain
.  Copper is a very special
material.  Making high-quality copper
windings
is not a simple skill.  (If you
know of any companies that possess such technology, please let me
know in the comments.)
However, I believe it is virtually impossible to produce hundreds of miles of copper wire on a large scale in the United States every month
.
Of course, there might be companies with such capabilities
.
As for copper, I am not sure how it will turn out, as much of the U.S. metal resources
still remain domestic
.  However,
another noteworthy point in the article is that it
examines the management capabilities of secondary suppliers
.  For those who do
not know what a secondary supplier means
, the
first tier consists of
companies that sell finished headlights, the second tier consists of
companies that sell bulbs, and the third
tier
consists of companies that sell filaments, and so on.
Even manufacturers can go through
5 to 6 stages of the supply chain to reach the finished product
.  And
these individual parts cross several borders
before reaching the end user
.    yes
.  And as I mentioned before
, Tesla is famous for its
strong vertical integration and
produces many parts in-house.    We
also source many parts from nearby areas
.    I
remember that at one time there was a dedicated Tesla lane on the highway running from Mexico to Austin.  I
don't know if that is still the case.  Anyway,
they
procure many parts from as close as possible
.  However, the important fact
is that we live in a global economy, there
are numerous companies around the world, and there are
regions specialized in specific fields
.  And
as you mentioned, secondary suppliers are not finished products
.  Tesla does not provide us with
actuators as finished products
.
We provide the parts and
assemble them to
make an actuator.
This is the role of second-tier suppliers
, and third-tier suppliers are the
companies that provide all the components Tesla needs to manufacture these parts
.
Yes, that is
correct.  I
think this happened in Laredo, but I don't know why there were
other cars around
.    That
's really funny.
However, there might have been a
rule not to get in if the car wasn't empty
.  Yes, it is
likely because a lot of goods were exchanged between the Mexican supplier and Texas.  And I
don't know if that car is still there.
However, that was an interesting
story.  Seeing these orders
coming in,
does that mean production is imminent?    I
think that is the case, given that an audit is being conducted with such high intensity.
It's a sign that large-scale production is very close.  We
conducted trial production at the Fremont factory, but
eventually, it will be
moved to the Giga Texas factory
.  It may not be right away, but it
seems the production line at the Fremont factory is already ready for operation.  I do
n't really remember what the target production volume was
.
I think I heard it was about a million units at the Fremont factory.
Yes, so in the short term, it means about
50,000 units per year—that is, we expect to be able to
produce that amount around 2027.    It
is a huge amount.  We are
n't making just a few thousand units.
We are talking about building a system based on actual production volume
.  At this point, we must ensure that all first, second
, and third-tier suppliers
can meet quality, production volume, and delivery deadlines.    I think Elon
Musk mentioned this using the Model 3 as an example; I do
n't remember exactly, but I think it was about being constrained by the one unluckiest part out of the 10,000 parts that make up the car
.  One of the reasons Tesla is making such a great
effort to reduce the number of parts is that if the
number of parts is
reduced to 5,000, the number of
parts to worry about is
reduced to 5,000 instead of 10,000
.  There is a story that
during the process of increasing Model 3 production, stores
like Best Buy in the Fremont area
bought up all the USB cables
.  This is because
the vehicle could not be sent out onto the road due to the lack of a USB cable
.
So it's
right behind the dashboard.  You will never
see it, but you have to be there
.  I need that part
.  Of course, the Tesla Q did
n't miss that.  This is
n't a car class.    that's
right.    that's
right.  What do you think the automotive grade of a USB-C cable is
?    I was just
curious.    It was
probably USB-A back then
.  It was already 8 years ago
.  yes that's right.    The
problem I have with Tesla Q, and I
told Herbert about it a while ago
, is that they make the most absurd
claims.  If I were
commissioned to sneak into Tesla Q and disparage them
, it would
look like they do.  They
could raise legitimate concerns
, but they do
n't do that.
So I wanted to show you this
.  This is
a photo taken by Joe Tag Meyer with a drone
.  This is an old photo showing the
construction of the Optimus factory in Texas, and this is the
middle section of the factory expansion
.  Looking at recent examples, you
can see that it is growing rapidly.  This data is
probably about a month or two old
.    That's right
.  The factory is too big.
Then,
the fact that there are four floors where all work can be done means, "
Okay, the robots are working and we
have all the necessary parts, so let's
start making this part in this corner. Let's
start production right inside this building
."
Does that mean there is a possibility that they would say...?  Is it
highly likely?
Yes, if you have a Giga Technic plan,
that is
highly likely.  In the case of the Fremont factory
, you
must consider the lack of space.  It is
true that space is limited, but it
takes time to relocate such production domestically
.  It takes time to do it properly
.  Rather than simply relocating domestically
, production must be carried out
directly on-site through vertical integration, literally
.  So, it means
eliminating primary suppliers and producing all the parts
needed to make primary products
directly
, replacing secondary suppliers
, and eventually even
replacing tertiary suppliers
.  Basically, it involves
doing everything yourself, like digging stones from the ground and making ore.
I don't know how far you plan to expand, but Texas is
wide enough.  Fremont is
not like that.  Furthermore, I also
need the product right now
.  If we want to produce 50,000 of these products next year, it will
take quite a while for this facility in Texas to become operational.  This is a
story about the future.  This is the difference between the relatively
small-scale TerraFab
pilot project and the massive facility currently under construction
.  The pilot project is a
story for the future, but this is happening
right before our eyes.    I
expect this building will be
operational around the end of next year and
completed around the middle of next year
.  And
the word 'completed' means it will look like a building
.  Because it will actually
become a building.  But it's
not a factory.  Because the factory
takes much longer.  And in a
space like this, once Optimus is
released, everything is over
.  It's just being released.
Of course, 'completion' is
not something Tesla ever finishes.    That
isn't how it works.  Someone once said that
.  They say that hiring a new SCADA engineer in Nevada
means the truck cannot be completed.
No, on the contrary, we are hiring more
.    yes
.
More.  Additionally.  Well,
anyway.  Then do you think they will never change the product
?  I'm talking about my friend, my younger sibling
.  Hmm, come to think of it, the
Fremont factory would have been built by now
to make early robots.    The
Texas factory currently only
has a framework, but it is highly likely that it was built
from scratch so that Optimus could operate there
.  So, we are
talking about physical bootstrapping, where humans and robots collaborate to create next-generation robots.
Through this kind of bootstrapping, you
can make small changes
.
For those who are not familiar with Tesla, to
explain, Tesla does not use a
traditional assembly line for vehicle production but
uses a system called a cell.  We use these cells to
make various parts.
For example, if it is determined through the analysis of a specific cell that
"changing the material or modifying elements such as X, Y, and Z
can make the headlights 1 cent cheaper per unit,"
that cell is installed in the next vehicle and
production proceeds
.  If it works well, the
existing cell is replaced with a new one, and the
existing cell is used for another purpose
.  Therefore, your
Tesla vehicle is not exactly the same as someone else's
.  Just like fingerprints,
each one is slightly different.  It is not true that all
Tesla vehicles are slightly
different
.  If you buy a car like a Toyota Camry
, it is just like other cars of the same year
.  There hasn't been any change
.
Yes, that is why it is frustrating.
With older cars,
if you wanted new features, you had to buy a new car, right?
My car keeps
getting better.  I've gone off on a tangent a bit
.
However, I
think Optimus will be that kind of product.
Through software updates,
all mechanical parts will get
better, and all mechanical devices will
continue to be improved
.  "Ah, I
have the 2028 Optimus, so I
don't have this feature."  It's
not that I'm doing it, but rather, "I have the
latest 2028 Optimus with 15 added features improved from the previous 2028
Optimus."    It's like that
.  So I
think that hardware and software will be constantly improved.
Continuous
updates are common at Tesla.  My
complaint about the 2028 Optimus
is that your car has the Kung Fu
function, but my car
only has the Kung Fu Light function
.    It is
because you used AI version 6.5, and I used AI version 6.9.  So,
now you understand, right?  That's good.    That's
good.  And there was something someone was trying to
say to me, or something I disagreed with, that
FSD (Full Self-Driving
) is an easy part to solve and is
not yet completely resolved, but since there are far more
variables when it comes to operating in the human world, it is
not ready yet.  However,
my counterargument is that FSD
must work wherever you stand.  The first
generation Optimus can operate in environments compliant with OSHA (U.S.
Occupational Safety and Health Administration) regulations
.  It
can also perform only five functions.  You don't need to do kung fu
or laundry
.  You just need to push the cart and
pick up items
.  And even if it is
only a limited function
, it can still accomplish a lot
.
First of all, to acknowledge their contribution
, yes, it has become much more complicated
.  The output range has
basically expanded from just two factors—the accelerator pedal, the
brake, and the steering
wheel angle—
to many more elements that interact with each other
.  So it is true that it has become more complicated
.  And secondly, the
amount of data is
not large yet.  However, the advantage is,
first, that it can
operate in a very controlled environment, as you mentioned
.  It is just like driving a car only on a
sunny day in Southern California, where
all conditions are
perfect and the sunlight is
not strong.  In such an
environment, fully autonomous driving
honestly
works excellently wherever you stand right now
, but it was the same in the past
.  Therefore,
consider that Optimus can operate in a much more restrictive environment
.  Also, as you mentioned,
there is the advantage that you do not need to do everything.
And the third really important point is that you
don't need to drive at 75 miles per hour and weigh 3 tons
.  The safety elements of a car are
different from those of a humanoid robot that can simply stop and say, "I don't know what I'm doing," regardless of its weight, whether it is 130 pounds or 40 pounds.  Cars can never do that
.  A car can't just stop saying, "Uh,
I don't know."
"
Ah, yes. Optimus Prime
colliding at full speed with a pedestrian would be
much better than colliding with a car
. A person weighing over 150 pounds (about
68 kg) would, at best, just
knock Optimus Prime over.
So, the human wins
. In that kind of collision situation, the human would
win. It would never work with a car
. And not
all of that 150-pound impact is transferred either
.
Most of it is directed to the ground
. Now, if there is anything we missed or anything you
misunderstood, please
leave a comment. You should also check John's channel
. I
appear in his videos, so I
check the comments. You might even
see me there
. And to everyone else
, please keep watching and
share lots of interesting news. I look forward to
hearing your opinions, smart robots
. Maybe we
could even meet in person. I
attend various events."