Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Could Dominate Canada Very Fast
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVRSjs0DTBE
Published:   2026-05-16 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-16 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Big news about Canada this week. We are
getting more and more details about the
import status of vehicles from China and
how Tesla is uniquely poised to make the
most of it over the short, medium, and
perhaps even long term. We're going to
get into all of that and we're going to
cover it from top to bottom. That's the
best way to do it. Uh, and then of
course, uh, that means I got to have
Mark with me, my, uh, genuine
correspondent on the ground, the tundra,
if you will, of the frigid Canadian
North. Uh, he's so far north. I checked,
he's actually, if you look at the map,
south of me. So, that's kind of
interesting, even though I'm not in
Canada. Very weird. I'm Brian. Welcome
to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; Brian, have have you checked? Are you
sure you're not in Canada?
&gt;&gt; Have you looked around? Any Tim Hortons
near you?
&gt;&gt; There are none. There are none.
&gt;&gt; And you're not in Canada?
&gt;&gt; I've been to Tim Hortons in Mexico,
which is which was weird. They got one
in Monteray. Hey, uh, did you know, uh,
I don't know if you knew, but, um, even
though I sent you the articles earlier,
BYD may face import caps, BYD and Tesla,
as Canada works out China EV quota.
Government's debating how to divide up
the new low tariff quota for
Chinese-made electric vehicles. The
government is discussing whether to give
various Chinese manufacturers a specific
allocation.
&gt;&gt; This is all over the board here. Um
because Canada has uh put out a 49,000
vehicle for the first year. They've
already divvied that up for 6 months. So
about 25,000 for each uh each 6 months
of the year. And then they discovered
that Tesla started to ship Model 3s and
a lot of them. And uh they're concerned
that Tesla's going to take the entire
allocation or a huge chunk of it and not
leave it for some other. So, it's like
the Canadian government isn't quite on
board with um how Tesla plays. They
should be because they've gone through
this once already. So, I'm not sure why
they would not realize that Tesla is
going to take as much as they can,
especially out of the gate because they
have a huge advantage having having
showrooms, service, parts all set up and
running in Canada. The website is
already wellestablished and wellknown.
The brand has got a strong foothold, and
this isn't the first time they've sent
Chinese cars from Shanghai to Canada.
It's not like there's any extra work to
do on that front. Uh so it's a little
bit tricky. And what we're seeing is
that what it looks to me like they're
saying, okay, for the first 24,500, it
is first come, first serve, which means
it's going to be first come, first serve
Teslas. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; because while the other guys may be able
to get a few hundred, maybe a few
thousand cars in, the other 20,000 would
be Tesla.
&gt;&gt; There's also demand for the Model 3 in
Canada because, of course, that car has
been out of our lineup for over a year.
So, there's a lot of Canadians that were
waiting for the Model 3 to come back,
their most affordable car. And now that
Tesla has introduced the Chinese car,
it's even lower priced, uh, than the
American Model 3. So, uh, yeah, there's
going to be huge orders on this.
&gt;&gt; I think that's absolutely correct.
Chinese EV brands are on a hiring spree
in Canada as they set up shop. BYD
reportedly plans 20 Canadian sites
during 26. Zeke started hiring senior
staff for Toronto. Uh, so this could be
uh the beginning. And again uh this goes
through what year did you say? 2030.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So that is enough years to
establish a foothold in a way uh that
could keep the door open.
&gt;&gt; Canada's also trying to entice a Chinese
manufacturer to actually set up shop in
Canada uh in a dualpurpose way where
Canadian owns part of it and the Chinese
own part of it and it's a partnership.
If that does happen, of course, the
limits on importing disappear because
they're now using Canadian parts and
labor to build them,
&gt;&gt; right? And you can still import parts,
but those would be subject to existing
import regulations.
So, very, very easy. Uh, there's a
two-parter here coming up. I know you
know about this one. China Model 3
exported likely features the superior
LFP cells from Sunoda. I don't know why
Christian uh came up with this because
uh fortunately we have better coverage.
Tesla upgrades Model 3 rear wheel drive
uh supercharging specs. No, no, it's not
the Sunwa battery.
&gt;&gt; You would you would know if you're
getting a 5C charge rate on a Tesla. So,
uh tell me tell me what you know about
this. Well, there was some discrepancy
in the um the advertisement on the
website for this Model 3 that came from
China both on uh the uh the kilometers
that could be traveled and the charging
speed of the vehicle. So, there was some
speculation out there that it wasn't the
normal Chinese LFP battery that we're
expecting. There could be something new.
So, someone made a jump to conclusion
and said maybe it's the Sun Wa battery.
And and of course after Tesla changed
the uh changed the details uh of the
vehicle on the website, it came back to
you know what it's still the LFP one
that we're familiar with.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Now that change happened a good
week ago. Uh this article is eight days
ago
&gt;&gt; or sorry the eth. It is it is uh four
days before recording this. So this was
known before this article was published.
I get it. There's not enough money in
publishing to do a good job.
&gt;&gt; Be a journalist. Just there's no money
in journalism.
&gt;&gt; It's not like there used to be.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Now it's just copy paste.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. So what we're seeing is that the
charge speed is normal. The uh this
would be Tesla's son is Tesla's fifth or
sixth partner. So you've got Panasonic,
LG, BYD, CL, and Sunod. Am I missing
one? Think that's it for battery
partners. Um yeah LG CL Panasonic BYYD I
think that's so Sun would be their
fifth. It is um a very fast charging LFP
cell but it's not coming to this car. Uh
so that's fine. Uh we do have uh now I'm
not sure I didn't have time to share
this with you uh but I'm pretty sure
that this is part of Canada. Uh, Tesla
Model Y is Colombia's top selling
vehicle for the second straight month.
That's in Canada, right? I couldn't
remember if it was in Canada.
&gt;&gt; It's It's missing one key word in the
title and out of course is the word
British in front of Colombia.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; But it's British Columbia. Canada
definitely.
&gt;&gt; No, it's Colombia. I just put in I was
like the the skiing place, right? So, I
put in like mountains of powdery snow
and it said, "Yeah, that's Colombia
you're thinking of." I don't know why it
would have made that mistake, but uh
just it's an interesting thing. One
month is a blip. Two months is more of a
trend. Pent-up demand for sure, but for
the first two months, it's a of the well
for March and April, the bestselling
vehicle, not EV, not SUV,
vehicle in Colombia.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Over 4,000 units.
&gt;&gt; 4,000 through the first four months of
the year. Pretty soon you're talking
about real numbers. What uh which China
EVs could be sold in Canada? Now, this
is interesting because remember the
limit is $39,000 Canadian or
&gt;&gt; I'm sorry. Yes, $35,000
Canadian retail.
&gt;&gt; No, no, it's 35,000 import price. Retail
can be higher.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Which is why the Tesla Model 3
qualifies. The import price is 35. The
retail is $399.90.
&gt;&gt; Correct. So, we've got BYD has two
models. The Dolphin and the ATO could
come in as their first half of the
bottom half of the market with, you
know, they're saying the sea line or the
seal for the top half, but really it
could be any BYD. It's just that those
are commonly exported. So, I imagine
they're, you know, all the paperwork is
ready to go on those. BYD appears poised
to pounce quickly. Cherry could also do
it. They've got a $35,000
price. They've got, you know, Ju uh
which is part of Cherry. You know, there
there's options here. Gily has started
production uh preparing for Canada and
yeah, they've got Gilly related products
like these this Zeer. Those ones appear
uh I mean, if that's the retail, then
maybe, but these appear a little too
high. Uh what are you hearing? I'm
hearing it's all over the board, but uh
this speculation on Canadian pricing
that's been published in this article,
it does seem a bit high to me as I go
down the list. Even uh at the beginning
with the the cheapest vehicle in the
entire list is the BYD Seagull or
Dolphin, I forget the name.
&gt;&gt; Dolphin, not the Seagull, not the $8,000
one, but the like 15,000. I don't see
why it would be. and and it's saying
it's it's 35,000 Canadian
&gt;&gt; and I'm thinking, okay, that's a bit
high. Uh
&gt;&gt; and I'm I'm thinking that uh you look at
the rest of the lineup, they're all uh
very equal to uh they're higher than the
Teslas that are coming in. So, I'm
thinking who's going to take a chance on
a Chinese vehicle? There will be people
that will do it, but who's going to take
that chance when it's higher than the
Tesla Model 3 that is tried and true
already in the country?
&gt;&gt; I think the article is making
assumptions probably based on AI that
are wrong. If we look at the Xpang, it's
probably what they're going to go by in
Canada. The Xiaopang P7 Plus at 50,000
to 60,000 Canadian
all trimmed out in China. Those are
about 25,000 US. I don't think that
would be 50 to 60,000 Canadian. I think
that would uh they might be, you know,
again, the P7 Plus is not the competitor
to the Model 3 long range. It's more of
a competitor to the Model 3 standard. It
does have great range. Uh it's fun. The
P7 is the really nice one. The P7 Plus
is the more affordable one. And you're
like, "What?" Ah, it's because plus kind
of sounds like the word for family in
China. P7 plus more family.
&gt;&gt; So, probably that would be hovering
around the $38,000 Canadian mark instead
of 50 50,000.
&gt;&gt; I thought you were the 38,000 Canadian
mark.
It's got a bonus there.
&gt;&gt; So, all of these prices I I don't know.
They're just showing the bottom trims
from each major brand. And I think
that's fine. It's fine.
&gt;&gt; It's speculation.
&gt;&gt; It is. Yeah. I was going to say
qualified speculation.
I'm not going to say that.
&gt;&gt; Hey, uh, summer meetup is coming. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Are you?
&gt;&gt; This says 22 days. That's inaccurate.
It's less than 22 days. We are less than
three weeks away. And we've got some
great speakers that are going to be
here. I'm not going to read them all,
but you can see all these great folks
who are coming out to participate in our
event. And there may be a couple more.
Uh but uh you know can't say can't say
yet. Can't say.
&gt;&gt; You get right down to the wire, Brian,
and you say, "I can't say
&gt;&gt; I can't say."
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But it's going to be funny the way
uh the night before. So it's the fifth
and 6th. On the 5th, free light show.
Come on out. Enjoy it. Simon from Tesla
Shows.io will be there. He wrote this
the light show. He does great work with
that stuff. He's the absolute gold
standard in the industry for that. We're
gonna have a lot of fun. So, uh, guys,
what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it. You got to
check out Mark's channel if you get a
chance. The Tesla Life. I don't know.
Sometimes Raj puts me down here and I
have to I don't know why it's flipped,
but whatever. And uh, everybody else,
you know, uh, stay tuned, stay juicy,
and I cannot wait to hear from you
clever robots in Moskegan. Why?
&gt;&gt; What?