Channel:     electrified
Title:       Tesla's Hidden Robotaxi Cities and the Next City to Launch ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ve2UpBn8npY
Published:   2026-08-10 21:44 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-10 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. If you didn't see it,
Friday was an absolutely brutal run out
for me. I was working on an episode all
day, going the extra mile, trying to
edit in some visuals given the things
Elon said. Spent extra time looking for
some royalty-free music for some of
those visuals to make it a bit more
impactful. And to make a long story
short, when I went to export, it froze
and I had to quit. And I thought the
autosave files would be fine, but all of
those ended up corrupted. So, I ended up
losing everything. And yes, I spent
around an hour with Grock trying every
recovery technique imaginable to no
avail. So, that's why there was no
episode Friday. But my plan for today is
to zip through some of the news this
weekend. There wasn't really a whole
lot, but then I want to try to recreate
some of the magic I was working on
Friday. So, apologies that it's a few
days late, but I think it'll be the best
use of my time today to get everybody up
to speed and then starting tomorrow, we
can move forward as usual. So, I'm sure
I won't remember everything I originally
said on Friday, but I will do my best.
And thank you all for hopefully
understanding. Spencer found a new robo
taxi hub in Fort Worth, Texas with
dozens of cyber cabs and Model Y's ready
to be robo taxis. and Fort Worth is just
under 40 minutes west of Dallas.
Speaking of Dallas, David Moss and
Spencer also shared a video of about 105
cyber cabs in Dallas, Texas. And Andrew
shared a video of roughly 15 plus cyber
cabs and robo taxi ready Model Y in
Nashville, Tennessee. So right now based
on Vins, it's estimated Tesla now has
over 2,000 of these cyber cabs, some
production variants, some Farzods,
stationed across the United States at
dozens of different locations. And
remember, the expectation is these
Farzods can be transformed into
production variants by removing the
steering wheel, removing the pedals in a
matter of hours. So, of course, I'm not
trying to say that Tesla's going to
launch in dozens of new cities here
imminently, but what I am saying is
don't lose sight of this fleet
accumulation across the country that at
some point in the future could be
switched on. And today, David Moss
shared a quick video of six badged Model
Y's set up in San Antonio. He said, "I
don't know what this means, but I do
know these being badged is unique in my
findings compared to what I've
discovered in other cities like Phoenix
and Las Vegas that have not launched
yet. So, this is certainly not a
guarantee, but this could indicate that
San Antonio will be the next robo taxi
city to launch." And today, the robo
taxi account did share an image of a
cyber cab with the Starlink integration
natively, which is quite serendipitous
because Elon has been hammering the
point about Starlink and its potential
in the coming years. He said all cars
will have Starlink in the future. It's
the only way to get super high bandwidth
to billions of vehicles. So whether he
means all cars beyond Tesla or just all
Tesla cars will be TBD, you guys know I
have very little faith in Legacy Auto
doing the right thing. But a video was
shared of Freedberg saying that Starlink
alone could be a trillion dollar
company. To which Elon said far more
than that. As I've said publicly,
bandwidth demand will increase massively
due to AI and robotics. Their need for
data transfer is orders of magnitude
more than humans. Even if the
communications market merely doubles in
size, I'd expect Starlink to reach at
least 25% market share outside of China.
Maybe one day in China, too, which would
be over half a trillion dollars in
revenue per year. It's not out of the
question. Starlink carries more than 50%
of internet traffic long-term, which
would probably be over a trillion
dollars a year. There's no obvious
impediment to that outcome so far. Some
folks were mistakenly speculating that
Elon's comment about a trillion dollars
in SpaceX revenue by 2029 or 2030 was
cumulative revenue, but Elon clarified
that is not the case. He was actually
talking about a trillion dollars in
revenue in the year 2030 itself. He
said, "Of course, it's always possible
we flounder along the way or are
delusional, but those are our actual
internal projections." A point we will
cover much more in depth in the future,
especially as we talk more about digital
optimist. Elon said, "AI agentic
internet traffic will obviously vastly
exceed human usage. Not a close call at
all." And Elon said, "The only system
that can support the insanely fast
bandwidth growth needed by AI is
Starlink." So fast and dirty, but keep
all of that commentary about Starlink in
mind as I have some plans for tomorrow's
episode, and that will be important
context. Elon did actually share even
more commentary about Starlink over the
weekend, but if you've been following
along here, you will be up to date with
those comments already. Tesla has filed
for a new $10 billion solar
manufacturing site in Fort Bend, Texas.
The project timeline expected
construction to begin this year,
completion of construction expected
2028, and commercial operations expected
to begin 2029. And you will see the
total investment right here, $10.1
billion. Importantly though, the
breakdown is about 2.3 billion to be
spent this year, 3.3 billion to be spent
in 2027, and roughly the remaining 4.5
billion to be outlaid in 2028. And now,
as far as we know, yes, this spending is
already included in Tesla's stated capex
goals. It's just now with this filing,
we get some color on where a portion of
that $25 billion capex spend for this
year will be coming from. At this point,
it's important to clarify this is not a
done deal. Tesla is filing with the
county, of course, to see what type of
tax and other incentives it can acquire.
There are still approvals and permits
and commentary periods that Tesla will
have to get through, but the proposed
facility would be expected to make
photovoltaic solar cells and/or
assembled solar modules. So, we've known
now for months Tesla has ambitions to
manufacture somewhere on the order of
100 gawatts of solar cells per year. And
this project is set to be a large
portion of that. And to no one's
surprise, this is full vertical
integration. This site will include
wafer manufacturing, ingot
manufacturing, coating, metalization and
printing lines, cell testing and quality
control, automation and material
handling, clean room and production
support, chemical storage and delivery,
utility infrastructure, and
environmental and safety systems. And
right here, the reason I make the time
to read the actual document is because
it says clearly Tesla's currently
evaluating the feasibility of
constructing its solar cell
manufacturing facility at various
locations across multiple US states, of
course, including Texas. But yes, it's
no surprise Tesla would likely want this
to be in Texas. That line may just be in
there as a negotiating tactic to try to
get the best deal possible. And the
name, they're calling this Project
Crystal Sun. The project would create
over 9,700 permanent full-time jobs. And
the total direct, state, and local tax
revenue is expected to be around $4
billion. And further, the indirect
economic impact of the project would
generate an estimated $2.3 billion in
state and local taxes. It's estimated
the state of Texas would increase its
GDP by $107 billion as a result of the
project. This proposed location is about
2 hours and 15 minutes east of Giga
Texas just outside of Houston. Now,
importantly, my understanding is this
would be in addition to any potential
solar manufacturing activity that's been
reported on that would be taking place
colllocated with the Mega Pac factory in
Brookshshire. And Fort Bend County is
about a 30inut drive from Tesla's Megaac
site in Brookshshire. We really haven't
had an update now in months on exactly
what's going on with any type of solar
production at that mega pack site, but
it was reported that Tesla had plans for
that location. At this point, I'd say
there's at least a chance they might not
be moving forward with that and instead
are looking at this Fort Bend County for
the main site. But Tesla could certainly
do something on a smaller scale. Maybe
it could act like a precursor to this
larger site in the future. And remember,
SpaceX has its own separate plans for
another 100 gawatts of solar cell
production every year, but they're doing
so in Bastro. And those solar cells,
which will be slightly different, will
of course be for AI1 and all of that
orbital compute. Whereas Tesla's new
filing specifically calls out utility
scale, commercial, and distributed solar
arrays. So, for now, Tesla's building
solar for Earth, and SpaceX will be
building for space. And why is Tesla
doing this now? It all boils down to one
statement Elon has made. Power is the
primary constraint on AI scaling. And of
course, the whole Cardartesev push that
he loves talking about. How much of the
sun's energy can we harness? And
frankly, to date, Tesla has needed much
smaller volumes of solar cells, which
makes it somewhat reasonable to get them
from other suppliers. But when you make
an order of magnitude shift up toward
100 gaww plus, well that level of
dependence on external suppliers is of
course a big risk. And that doesn't even
mention all of the margin leak you have
with that strategy. And we know there
are still some IRA production level
credits for solar. We have the tariff
situation on Chinese models and energy
security concerns continue to ramp up
with the scaling of AI. Overall, it's
been a pretty incredible week for these
announcements. Yes, they're years into
the future, but the size and scale is
pretty amazing. I mean, this site alone,
they're talking about 3,000 acres of
land. But guys, I'm not going to be
naive. I know many people want Tesla and
Tesla stock to perform right now. And
these announcements that require tens of
billions of dollars of outlay that might
not generate a return for years into the
future is really not something that's
going to benefit the stock in the near
term. Now, sure, you might get a boost
on the announcement, but when it comes
to actual profitability and Tesla's
quarterly earnings, we're talking about
$10 billion being outlaid before any
production even begins. So, it's just an
unfortunate truth. If you're a long-term
investor, this is, of course, awesome
news. It's absolutely the right play.
But if you're only focused on Tesla
performing right now, you're probably
not going to love this as much. Speaking
of energy security and grid constraints,
we learned a leader at SpaceX said that
they'll be bringing their own power on
for the Terraab project, which will
include very large battery arrays. But
primarily, it's going to build natural
gas power plants to supply electricity
to the Terraab, so it won't have to rely
on the Urkot grid. And at least for now,
notably absent from that commentary was
anything about using solar at the site.
And we covered in recent weeks Elon
bought APR Energy, which is a company
that specializes in natural gas power
plants. And separately, SpaceX said it
plans to buy 2.8 billion worth of gas
turbines over the next 3 years. So, on
one hand, it's admirable that Tesla and
SpaceX don't want to stress the cot grid
further. But let's be real, this whole
strategy of bring your own power, which
is becoming more and more common in
Texas, is so a project like Terraab can
avoid the long interconnection cues to
the Urkot grid. I mean, some reports out
there have these interconnection cues at
hundreds of gigawatts, primarily for
data centers right now. So, we're
talking multiple years for the studies
and the regulatory hurdles and the
transmission upgrades, whatever else
might be needed. So, the on-site natural
gas paired with battery backup storage
is the fastest way forward. Now, don't
get me wrong, there are still some
regulatory hurdles and challenges with
this bring your own power approach, but
it is far less extensive than the
alternative. One thing that's at least
important to note for now, BethonX said
it looks like a synretron. Elon going to
build free electron laserbased EUV
machine. this sharing a post from Josh
where he pointed out it looks like there
might be a particle accelerator
underneath when it comes to the terapab
and Elon replied with FELFTW which is
free electron laser for the win. Now
look, I could easily do what most people
are doing which is throw some prompts to
AI and start talking about FEL like I've
been studying it for decades. But the
truth is I don't have a deep
understanding of FEL at this time. So
rather than commenting, I'm going to
take my time to dive in to actually
learn it and try to understand the space
at least enough to be able to
confidently comment on it. And listen,
the good news for me is that we have
years before any of this is actually
going to come to fruition. But I'm
sharing today because it is yet again
Elon thinking from first principles. So
this entire Terraab project, he is going
to be breaking the mold in more ways
than one. And I do think it's quite
exciting that he's approaching this from
the standpoint of if physics allows it,
we are going to make it happen. And
that's one thing I think even people
like you and I underestimate about Elon.
And that's his ability to know when to
choose the offtheshelf option to move as
quickly as possible and when to play the
long game and when to vertically
integrate and when to make the bet on
technology that has not yet been
commercialized. So without waiting
beyond my depth, we know these computer
chips are made by shining very precise
light onto these silicon wafers to print
these tiny circuit patterns. And these
patterns have to continually get smaller
so the chips can do more work in less
space and use less power. And regular
light is too fat, if you will, meaning
the waves are too long. And so that's
why the industry has moved to EUV, which
is extreme ultraviolet. And that process
right now is already mind-blowing. You
basically have light made by blasting
these tiny tin droplets with these super
powerful lasers until they turn into
this very hot plasma that glows with the
needed light. And it works, but it's a
bit messy. It can be inefficient and
it's hard to scale. So the good news is
the basic science for this free electron
laser technology is solid. These feist
in big science labs and are producing
the needed kind of light. It's just only
been at research scale so far. And just
some of the main benefits, if this FEL
succeeds, it would be a cleaner
approach. It would be more efficient.
You could theoretically have one source
for many different machines instead of
every individual tool needing its own
complicated light source. It would be
more futureproof because you could tune
even shorter wavelengths for the future.
And of course, it would drive down the
cost because it would lead to higher
outputs and lower energy use, less
maintenance. And one not to be slept on
would be sidest stepping the supply
chain in all of those bottlenecks with
ASML EUV machines today. One company to
keep an eye on in this space is Xlite,
which is actually headquartered in Palo
Alto and yes, is a US company. In June
of this year, it raised $350 million to
build an XLite EUV light source. And we
know ASML's EUV machines are huge. They
cost hundreds of millions of dollars and
they ship in pieces. But XLite is taking
this free electron laser approach driven
by a compact particle accelerator. The
company says this can reach wavelengths
as low as 2 nanome compared to the EUV
machines from ASML which are about 13
1.5 nanome. And the shorter light prints
finer circuits and that means more
transistors on every chip. But XLite
wants to sell its light source to ASML.
And they said their first working
prototype is due in 2028. And the US
government has now invested in Xlite
with a $150 million award under the
Chips and Science Act. And what do you
know? The man running the show at Xite,
Pat Gellinger, was at Intel for some
time. And we know that Intel is
partnered with Elon on the Terrafab. So,
one of the companies at the forefront
right now of this FEL tech, its first
prototype is still 2 years out, but
trust me, I will be doing my homework on
this and we will circle back in the
future when the time is right. SpaceX
released some incredible footage of S40,
so just take a second to enjoy.
So, some incredible shots there, but
Elon did say unfortunately ship recovery
is not looking good right now.
Nonetheless, we were able to obtain
close-up photos of critical regions of
the heat shield and engines for future
upgrades. Tesla said FSD supervised has
been trained and tested on 2.2 million
kilometers, which is roughly 1.3 million
miles across 19 EU countries, handling
edge cases most people wouldn't see in
their lifetime. And according to the
Tesla robo taxi app in Austin, they now
have listed operating hours from 6:00
a.m. to 1000 p.m. And I did want to
share a bit of what Chuck Cook just
shared. He had his first unsupervised
robo taxi experience in Austin. And as
I've been saying, the pickup and drop
off logic has not been great, and this
is that to a tea. He said his initial
wait at a Weston Hotel was about 4
minutes, and the pin was right outside
of the hotel, but the robo taxi couldn't
find a spot to pull over and pick him
up. So, after about 10 minutes of
looping a twob block loop around the
hotel, Chuck decided to move the pin
because it couldn't change spots on its
own for whatever reason. As we would
expect, once he was in the car, the ride
was fine and smooth. There was a bit of
a challenge with a left turn without an
arrow, but then he said the drop off at
the Weston exposed the looping problem
again. The pin was in front of the
Weston downtown and it couldn't find a
spot to pull over, so it rerouted to try
the same thing three times. And with all
the lights and traffic, he said it took
almost 25 minutes before it tried
something else. On the fourth try, it
decided to drop Chuck off at the
Courtyard Marriott 2 and 1/2 blocks
away. His conclusion, terminal maneuvers
are just not refined yet. I can
understand one pass not working, but
repeating the same thing over and over
felt silly to me. So again, something
like this won't spread far and wide, but
these are the details that need to get
worked out before we're going to see any
sense of robo taxi scale. Tesla stock
closed the day at $330.90
up 71% and SpaceX closed the day at
$13863
up 4.15%
all while the NDX was down 23%. And
again, thank you all for bearing with me
for today's unconventional video. Like I
said, sometimes life's just about
playing the hand you're dealt well. And
in this case, honestly, I wasn't sure
whether to fold, raise, or call. But
hopefully I captured some of the essence
of what I was working on Friday. and
we'll move forward as normal tomorrow.
Hope you all have a wonderful day and a
huge thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.