Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Rivian's R2 Structural Battery Pack Explained by the Engineering Team
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brQIdTONWZE
Published:   2026-07-22 14:49 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-22 15:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hi everyone, welcome to another episode
of Mineral Live. I'm in Plymouth,
Michigan at the Rivian Engineering
Prototyping Development Center here.
We're at an R2 event. We're going to
dive into all sorts of things on the R2.
We're going to look at the design side
of it with the chief design officer.
We're going to dive into the hardware.
We're going to look at body structures,
all sorts of things, plus maybe even a
ride and drive. So, come on in. Let's go
check it out.
Heat
up
here.
Hi everyone. Welcome back to an episode
of Monroe Live. We're here at the Rivian
facility in Plymouth, Michigan for an R2
event. I'm excited to be joined by uh
Matt Wolf, who's the vehicle hardware
engineering lead here on the R2 program.
And then also Greg Dockner, who is the
uh program director and chief engineer
for the R2 program. So behind us is the
battery pack. We're going to talk about
the battery pack and the front
suspension um and some of the
integration that we see there in. So,
we're excited to nerd out on the
details. We've got some of the right
gentlemen in the room to take us through
that. So, you know, maybe starting high
level, could we go through, you know,
the general architecture selection, the
cell selection, the structural
contribution, kind of give us the lay of
the land starting with the battery pack
and then we'll move into the front
suspension.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Yeah. Maybe I'll talk about the
the general concept of the battery
assembly here and then Matt can give
some more details on the structural
details. Uh the cell that we based for
the R2 pack is a 4695 cell and there's
7776 of those. Looking back to R1 that
has a 2170 base cell. Uh and there's
7,776
of those. That the joke we always say is
add one and you get 7777 from the door
flashlight. So 4695 base cell in here.
Uh and this is a structural pack
assembly
that um the cell volume is all contained
within below this floor. This is also
what is the floor of the vehicle. Uh if
you go and look at the body structure,
you can see that there's there's um
openings in the body structure where
then this is actually where your feet
would rest on the floor. This is the
structural underpinnings of where the
seats mount to in the interior
components. And then what you see here,
this is our powerhouse. So this is a in
the theme of part consolidation for R2,
which is probably our biggest mechanism
for cost reduction while not just
decontenting the customerf facing
content. Um it this is a huge lever of
it. So we reduced the high voltage
cabling by about 70% from a cost
perspective in R2 versus R1. Um this is
a big big factor in that. So this is
consolidating a bunch of the power
electronics as well as the rear zonal
controller all into this powerhouse. And
then this is accessible under the rear
seat from a service perspective. So
nothing needs to be serviced within the
cell volume. Yep.
&gt;&gt; And then within the powerhouse where all
all of the high voltage power
electronics are that's all in a
serviceable contained unit.
&gt;&gt; Makes makes perfect sense. I mean the
the way that you guys integrated all the
electronics in a in a different session
we were going through how how many
components are actually consolidated
here. you're consolidating thermal
management, one cast bed plate, friction
stir welded for the ethane glycol
underneath. And then on on the battery
architecture side, I mean, I'll be
honest, when I when I looked at this, at
first it I had to do a double take. It
looks very very similar to some of the
other packs that we're seeing out there.
You know, like the uh Model Y is very
similar, the Cybertruck is very similar.
Um, you know, Matt, I think off camerara
we were talking a little bit about the
the architecture and the structure. How
much benchmarking and and how much
analysis went into the general layout,
the the gross architecture geometry,
where the structural sections reside on
this battery pack.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a great question. Um, we do a
lot of benchmarking to be to be
transparent. Uh, we want to know where
the industry is, where our competitive
is, where technolog is moving. Um, what
I can say is we don't benchmark for the
idea of using that. we benchmark for the
idea of understanding what's out there
in the engineering. This is all
engineered from what we needed from this
particular vehicle. And so kind of what
we talked about a little earlier is how
we integrate the body, the battery, and
the chassis all together is critical.
And so that's what you'll see play out
on this vehicle. Um and so um there's a
lot of different ways we can work
through with this. Um but this pack, uh
is is truly a structural pack. We manage
a lot of crash loads with this pack. Uh
it plays a huge role in the stiffness of
the vehicle, as you can imagine. um as
as well as the dynamics of the vehicle.
Um and so uh we manage uh front loads uh
through longitudinals through this pack.
So there are two longitudinals that are
spec completely to take a certain amount
of frontal load uh 120 kons to be
honest. Um and that basically is then
mitigated to protect the cells in the
event of a frontal collision. And sorry.
So likewise on the sides, are you guys
provisioning a space, you know, so that
the cells are inset relative to the
outboard side of the vehicle and then
obviously you've got a structural
section on the outboard side spot welded
to the lid here. So you've got an air
gap there.
&gt;&gt; It's a great question. One of the
reasons we landed with an inverted tub
style like this is because the draft
wall and that does provide you
automatically some amount of space. And
so that combined with some structure and
if you tear this down there's some other
structure uh as well that helps mitigate
a lot of the side pole collisions or the
side uh side uh deformable barrier
collisions.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; Uh and so we manage a lot of that
through various ways. Um the seats uh
also tie in to this structure as well.
And so not only are we bringing uh bolts
down from the top side through the body
into the battery, but then the seats
also provide structure to this as well.
So again, all of those are optimized as
one structural unit for R2 and they all
provide some benefit in different
versions of crash safety.
&gt;&gt; Very interesting. So when we looked at
the the modelwise and example which
similarly took a lot of the floor
structure and integrated that into the
pack. One of the points or rationale
items that we identified was we thought
it was largely to enable a tighter
ground package because some of the
layers that would need to exist in the
body in white the structure now because
integrated into the battery pack right
with going to a slightly taller cell in
Z you need to find a way to shrink that
to make preserve the ground plane yet
not into the occupant space. Was that a
part of this the the discussion here as
we this overall architecture?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Great observation. Absolutely it
was. And so by doing that we save seven
millimeters of space.
&gt;&gt; So eliminating that redundancy at 7
millimeters. So we took that seven seven
millimeters and put it to good use in
two ways. The first is through ground
strike protection. And so as we think
about driving this off-road, we want to
protect a certain level of capability.
As Rivian, we expect to do some
off-roading. We expect to hit some
rocks. We some obstacles are going to uh
contact the vehicle. And so we protect
for a certain amount of that. uh we can
optimize that package by allowing a few
extra millimeters of deflection space.
We can take cost and weight out of the
underbody package and again not lose
that functionality to the customer going
back to what we did with R2 keeping the
Rivian DNA with less cost and weight. So
that's an example. The second is we
added more venting space in the pack.
And so as you talked about with the
larger cell uh we also added a few extra
mills of venting space for that cell. By
doing that it simplifies the venting
strategy and we can minimize the number
of pressure release valves as well. So
compounding effect of of value by using
that seven ms of redundant space for
ground strike and um venting.
&gt;&gt; What what was the single largest
challenge with engineering an all new
pack? Right. It's a different cell
chemistry. We had body onframe pseudo
versus a unibody. Now we're integrating
the floor. Like it's so much change
relative to an R1T and an R1S. You know
for the engineers out there like what
was the what was the hardest part of
this? Was it was it the packaging? Was
it the impact piece of it? I mean, all
these are are functions we have to
overcome, but what was probably the the
hardest thing about going to an a truly
allnew pack like this?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I think one of the things we
thought was going to be one of the
hardest things is the ceiling. Um we we
have a high um performance target for
off-roading and water foring, right? And
so that provides a water pressure on the
ceiling and we now this becomes your
seal to the cabin. Yeah. And so we
expected that to be one of our trickiest
things. And so we put a lot of thought
into having single planer sealing on
both the body side and the pack side.
You'll see that a robust seal on the on
the powerhouse as you as you noted on
the casting earlier. Single plane robust
seal. Um because we thought those were
issues. It ended up we actually did
quite well in those. We didn't struggle
which was great. Um so probably managing
the various uh crash loads I would say
was probably the not not one particular
crash mode but the various crash loads
and and maintaining as cost and weight
optimized pack as we could.
&gt;&gt; I would say that's my
&gt;&gt; I think well especially if you divide
out the I think the execution within the
powerhouse is always going to be
challenging to take what's in five
separate boxes with a bunch of high
voltage cabling and integrate that into
a tight package from a packaging
perspective. I mean, those are all newly
developed electronic control boards in
there for the the powered uh conversion,
but that I think was one technical
challenge. And then, yeah, as Matt
mentioned, I think the passive safety,
the crash structural integration because
it's not just in the battery pack. It's
how the battery pack interfaces with the
you know the structure within the the
side rails of the vehicle the rocker
sections which also you know how those
are manages how fastening happens within
our general assembly plant like all of
the structure interacting together from
a a crash load perspective I think it's
not necessarily a unique challenge to
R2's execution it's just a very
challenging thing to get an entire
vehicle to interplay nicely together
with uh achieving what's you know an
extremely dynamic event with with crash
simulation and crash safety execution
&gt;&gt; and that paradigm shift of that, right,
of not just having that be protected in
a crash, but actually be part of
&gt;&gt; the mitigation of that safety.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Don't just treat it like an egg in
the middle.
&gt;&gt; Not protecting the egg anymore.
&gt;&gt; Right. Make the egg structural. Right.
Exactly. Right. Yeah. And then with I
mean um from a a
passive safety perspective from uh some
of the thermal concerns that can happen
with with lithium-ion batteries um these
are potted, right? And that's with the
the way most cylindrical cell packs are
that potting also is a structural
contributor. So it's you're not just
using the steel, you're using the steel
with then how the steel is bonded to the
potting, how the potting aderes to that,
how that aderes to the cells, how that
contributes both structurally in uh
stiffness perspective, but also the the
crash safety. So all of that needs to be
engineered together from um the the
various uh inputs. So, when this thing
is assembled, I I think we were talking
a bit off camera, it's assembled
inversely, meaning the top is the
bottom. The cells and the modules are
dropped in. It's then potted. Does that
potting make contact with the outer
enclosure? Meaning, is there a
structural bond between the two?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; So, so we would consider this
non-serviceable from a cell perspective
due to the potting principle.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Okay. But but also because if you have a
you know multiple thousands of cells
&gt;&gt; uh those are expected that you may have
one or two of those uh let's say the
electrical connection between the cell
fail when you have the the larger form
factor cells that's not an option from a
capacity perspective. So basically the
requirement from day zero of this was
you don't ever need to service these you
will not need to service them. So, and
and the removal of the control and power
conversion outside of the cell volume
into what is the serviceable beneath the
back seat uh powerhouse. That was, you
know, a very intentional thing of how do
we keep within the pack the absolute
most robust because we don't want to
service it. We're not going to service
it. Everything that's needs to be
serviceable put inside a single volume.
&gt;&gt; And additional validation and
verification prior to potting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. So obviously our process is
we want to be extra critical that we've
got all the good cells in there before
we pop.
&gt;&gt; So last two questions before we move on
to the the front suspension which is
going to tie into the front here.
A lot of folks are moving to a lot of
virtual validation as much as humanly
possible given the tools that we have.
Genai all sorts of additional tools all
the major name plates as far as the the
CAE suppliers out there. How much
digital validation work was done before
you got to a physical? And when you got
to a physical, was there any un I'll say
unforeseen elements that occurred once
you got into the physical domain because
there always are, but I'm curious what
they were.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, a lot of virtual uh I mean our
teams are I'll speak for mine and then
Greg can speak for across he sees it at
all.
&gt;&gt; My team does uh we have a whole team
that's dedicated to pulling as much
virtual we can forward as possible. Um,
one of the ways we do that is we don't
look at it all at just a highlevel
vehicle um, system. We also have to then
break that down very carefully into
subsystems and ultimately components.
And so that's a lot of the work that
we're doing within Rivian is really
breaking that down so that I can get a
strong predictive capability on every
individual component and then how that
component works as a subsystem. And then
ultimately I should be more reliable
when I get back up to validate the full
system.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. The pebbles make a mountain.
&gt;&gt; So that's logically how we're walking
through it at Rivian. We're developing a
lot of tools. You mentioned AI.
Certainly, some of them are AI, some of
them aren't. Um, but we're using a lot
of tools to validate that whole left
side uh of the system all the way down
into a component level. Sure.
&gt;&gt; Um, prior to actually any validation
testing happening. Um,
obviously there are always things that
don't go as you expect. There's
thousands of assumptions that get built
into modeling.
&gt;&gt; Uh, and so sometimes those don't always
work out. We had to chase our fair
share. Um, that's that's for sure. I
don't know if we want to get into exact
specifics of modes, but certainly there
are some really tricky things like we
talked about as body, battery, chassis,
and seat all working together for
structure. You can imagine as you
struggle in a certain crash mode, you're
looking at a lot of parts how to solve
that system.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, maybe a good example of
that as we move to the front of the
battery pack here, looking at the
castings, a couple of things that stood
out to me is the castings are two-part,
not one part. Number one. Number two,
there are bolted on castings here which
are somewhat atypical when you look at
other battery architectures like this.
And you know, I know we mentioned Tesla
earlier. I'll use them as the example.
You look at how the front of the battery
pack interfaces with a Model Y or a
Cybert truck. There's bolts going into a
giga casting in the front. We don't have
a giga casting in the front, but we do
have these with some very unique stepped
geometry underneath. like maybe talk
through what these are doing and why the
geometry is very particular.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. One of the main things they're
doing is you can imagine with decking a
body and a battery together, you're
going to have some manufacturing
variation.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; And so when we want this to tie
structurally very well, we had to craft
a pretty unique joint to make sure we
got that structurally tight.
&gt;&gt; And so that's the number one reason that
drove us to begin to think about doing
it this way is managing variation of
body to battery decking.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's one thing. Secondarily,
you want these to perform differently in
different events.
&gt;&gt; So there's different types of events
where you want these to do a certain
thing. There's different types of events
where you want them to do something
different. And so that's why you see
kind of some of the unique shapes in
there is those are specifically meant to
fracture in certain scenarios and
they're meant to stay put and exact
exert load in others, right?
&gt;&gt; Um so there's a balance of stiffness and
strength and also various levels of
strength in different events. And so
each of those kind of dial us to this
specific geometry that that the the
fracture mechanics are set up in a
certain way for certain events that we
don't want that to happen in other
events.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, if you look at the side
profile one, obviously it's mirroring
the the inverse side of the bathtub here
as we refer to it, but then also the the
stepped features that we have in here.
Most of the time when we're seeing
those, and maybe we'll talk a little bit
about that on front suspension, we're
expecting that to either be like a dive
plane to to separate two things, get
something to get away from the next in
order to enable more free crush space,
&gt;&gt; keep critical items protected and away
from occupants. Is it was that part of
the mentality here with these?
&gt;&gt; That's definitely one piece of it for
sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yep. You can get a little bit more
stroke in the system without getting
into the battery cells themselves.
&gt;&gt; Now, okay, so really good summary on the
battery pack. Um, excited to see where
you guys ended up. the I mean the
integration of the electronics is is
impressive. I mean it's one outlet, one
inlet for all the thermal management on
the electronics. Um and obviously a
pretty high level of integration at the
vehicle level with the battery pack. So
moving on to the front suspension, maybe
just kind of ground us in what the what
the suspension architecture is, how we
went about mounting the the brand new
drivetrain and and how we came up with
the design that we see on the table
here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I'll talk general architecture
of this and then Matt, if you want to
add any details on the execution. Matt
oversees the chassis systems of the
vehicle as well.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Um the different architecture. So, R1
had uh semi-active dampers, a hydraulic
roll control system, airbag suspension.
A lot of this we went to simplified, but
when you drive the vehicle, I promise
you you'll love uh the dynamics and ride
quality. but coil spring, steel
anti-roll bar, uh McFersonson strut, but
we we did some unique things on the
execution of that, like I said, to
maintain uh ride quality, dynamic
performance. And then on the subframe,
there's actually, I mean, your audience
probably knows as well, but the
execution of front subframes is actually
fairly complex of how you have it
compatible with front drive, uh,
all-wheel drive, rear wheel drive, um,
the different crash modes and what it
needs to pass from a durability
perspective, but also balancing some of
the, uh, crash energy absorption. Um,
&gt;&gt; incredibly function.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. Functionri. And then um uh
how you optimize the maximizing those
functions with minimizing mass and cost.
That's always one of the balances.
&gt;&gt; They're never competing, right? They're
just always the same.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, um yeah, you see a lot of uh
interesting execution. I think a good
note on on R2. The front drive unit is
what disconnects in this. So, it's
primarily a bi bias towards rear wheel
drive and then all-wheel drive when the
front clutch engages. That was a our
third uh third generation of that and
and that was really successful and just
seamless uh all-wheel drive, rear wheel
drive uh switching on and off. But you
can see here, yeah, from a structural
perspective, right? Like we're we're
always trying to minimize parts and so
it's how do we minimize parts? You see
here we join the control R mounts with
the drive unit mount as well. So, um
Matt, anything you want to add?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a great overall summary. I
think the other key thing uh in addition
to some of what he already mentioned for
the simplification um is maintaining
that Rivian drivability. It needs to be
exciting to get in and drive. And so
some of the ways we simplified this but
still did that is you see we traded out
some of our aluminum castings for stamp
steel solutions. Um so whether that's
the uh the lower control arm, the
subframes, um the rear the rear um links
um all these things are now stamp steel.
And so from a chassis structures um
components uh you're seeing almost 50%
reduction in cost about 49% reduction in
cost. Uh and you think oh trading off
that more exotic aluminum for steel
you're going to pay a weight penalty.
Actually the team optimized all the
stuff as as as uh Greg was mentioning
optimized all this. So as a chassis
structure system it's actually even a 8%
weight down as well. So not only did
they pull half the cost out uh they
pulled weight down additionally as well.
And so there's a lot of things that went
into it to maintaining the dynamics. So
Greg got into some, but pushing the tie
rods out all the way to the brakes as
far as you can thermally. Um, where you
position the steering rack relative to
wheel center. So a lot of things went
into the max strut, even though it's a
max strut, it actually operates as the
upper control arm, um, dual function for
that. So a lot of things went into the
chassis suspension and the kinematics to
get the drive that you have
&gt;&gt; even with the reduced cost and mass.
Yeah, Matt. I mean, for the audience,
some of the things that you're pointing
out, the steering, right? Getting you're
max you're maximizing mechanical
advantage by getting this as close to
the end point as you can getting this
center line of wheel or to spindle.
You're also maximizing like shortest
distance between two points as a
straight line. You're trying to get that
as planer as possible across the full
architecture. Um, when when I'm looking
at this, there's several things that
sort of pop out to me beyond obviously
steel intensive efficient structures. We
look at folks that have historically
done this really efficiently. I'll take
Honda as the example. They use a lot of
stamp steel, but they've historically
had really good suspension
characteristics and dynamics. So, it's
totally achievable. It seems like you've
executed well in that regard. But
there's some things such as this casting
which is machined, the fact that we've
got a either caster forge part on the
outboard side here. Are those designed
for perhaps like a SORB event as an
example to fracture, break off, and and
manage the kinematics during an event
like that?
&gt;&gt; You're spot on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you're you're spot on. They're
they're exactly there to fracture
mechanics at the right time.
&gt;&gt; Uh and each of them work a little bit
differently, but but how we pull this
joint uh is very critical to how the
whole system performs.
&gt;&gt; Uh and just as you said, getting that
extra uh connections in certain areas,
we need that, but we need that
connection to break at certain at
certain loads. And so this is all
engineered to do exactly as you stated.
&gt;&gt; Makes makes sense. Oh, that's awesome.
When when we look at this drive unit,
there was a there was some discussion.
There's a lot going on in terms of the
packaging efficiency here. And and maybe
we'll we'll end on this point, but when
we look at the front of the the frunk of
the R2, it's very spacious. There's
there's a lot of space there. And I know
like tilting down the the cooling module
and doing some other things, but maybe
talk a little bit about what you did
with the drive unit cuz I noticed
there's no mounts up top. They're all
low aside from this one. And then also
there's no clear space for an inverter
on the top. So maybe talk about the
packaging of the drive unit.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Yeah, I can take that one. Um and
it's this I think is a testament to
vertical integration, but the most of
the time you see a drive unit with an
inverter package on the top, but as you
mentioned, the front goes here. So
maximizing the volume, we moved the
inverter over to the side of the drive
unit, but thinking of the integration,
right? Like that's with the going all
the way into our in-house motor
controller board design needs to change
to package within the geometry that
works for that within the crash
structure of this frontal area of the
vehicle. Um, also from an NVH
perspective, right, everything on this
drive unit is a concern for acting like
a speaker of what are the harmonic
frequencies within there. that can even
interplay inter interplay with acoustics
into the cabin as far as what's the
structure above that
&gt;&gt; structure noises etc.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Both structure born and uh
airborne through other structure back
into airborne. So all of this I mean the
vertical integration is really it's
challenging because you need to develop
all these things years in advance
together harmoniously. But um yeah, it's
it's it's really interesting to think
about something as simple as frunk space
actually design drives the design and
integration with the inverter which
drives the you know circuit board layout
on the inverter. So given your role, I
mean that is something that you have to
be proud of, right? The fact that you've
got all these teams, the packaging
teams, the design teams, the attribute
teams, the structure teams working
together in order to get this package to
to include the act the the the
production vertically integrated design
of the drive unit to accommodate a frunk
is is impressive. Not every OEM manages
that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But it's it's not a testament to
me really. It's like the it's it's you
know, R.J. says this all the time. It's
uh millions and millions of decisions by
thousands of people. Um it's I think the
way we're structured throughout the
business is is uh what has has that
outcome like you know it's I didn't
design this part, I didn't design that
part. It's you know the the engineering
teams that do that, the manufacturing
teams that figure out how we're going to
build it's uh it's like a big community
of people working well together. So one
wonderfully stated. One question because
it caught my eye. Is this a lifting
point or is that something related to
impact? So this this bracket on the
front motor mount. It's a very
interesting feature to have this loop. I
don't know if that's for lifting for
something kinematically.
&gt;&gt; No, it's li lifting.
&gt;&gt; It's lifting. Okay. All right.
&gt;&gt; Well, guys, thank you so much for taking
us through the architecture here. Uh I
love what you're doing. M it's making
sense, right? Trying to get get my head
around the design decisions that we're
making. Um certainly how you got that
bomb cost down. It's a testament to uh
what Rivian is doing as far as I think
someone mentioned earlier that R.J. is
calling it uh the second album right
with the R2. So it's it's very cool to
see the bomb cost coming down, but the
narrative here is that not a lot of that
cost cutting in a typical sense. The
customer se sees, feels, reacts to the
cost cutting because it impacts their
touch points, the function, the
performance. I'm not seeing a lot of
that here in a good way for Rivia. It's
it's amazing. I mean, I daily drive an
R2 that does as well. It's and you know
we've both been on R1 programs
throughout and daily driven those owned
and daily driven those. R2 is amazing.
&gt;&gt; That's been an edict of us from from day
one is we will not go in and just damage
damage the brand, damage the the ability
to have a great time jumping in the car
and driving it. It should be spirited
driving. It should be fun. You should uh
be excited to get in every day. And I
think we've achieved that with R2. We're
really excited about it.
&gt;&gt; Otherwise, what are we doing?
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Gentlemen, thank you so much for your
time.
Yeah, thank you. All right, thanks
everyone. We'll see you on the next one.