Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla’s Robotaxi Infrastructure Is Exploding
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwDszy9i_lM
Published:   2026-06-22 19:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-22 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Can you believe it? Today marks the
one-year anniversary of the launch of
Tesla's robo taxi. While ramp up has not
been what many thought it would be by
now, the progress for setting up the
infrastructure and most importantly
cybercap production is growing like
wildfire. First spy shots continue to
show many cyber caps coming out of the
factory, sometimes hundreds spotted in
the lots. Interestingly, a new batch of
cyber caps had the cybercap decals
instead of the word robo taxi. The
likely reason Elon said the name will be
cybercab in cities where the word taxi
is prohibited by law. This is a great
sign. Plus, cyberc cabs in Austin were
spotted testing picking up and dropping
off passengers. Second, for the first
time, a Tesla semi outfitted with LAR
grounding equipment was spotted driving
around in public. Looks like Tesla Semi
will also become self-driving soon.
Third, Lemonade's autonomous car
insurance just now launched in Colorado.
This makes four states in total that
Lemonade offers a 50% discount for
drivers when using Tesla FSE miles. It
launched in Arizona in January. Oregon
in February, then expanded to Indiana
earlier this month and now Colorado.
Finally, Tesla just trademarked the word
Megapod. They described this as modular
data center hardware systems for AI
computing. In March, Elon announced that
Tesla will be deploying millions of
dedicated digital Optimus units in the
field at supercharger locations. Make no
mistakes about it, this is the start of
distributed AI data centers, and only
Tesla can get this running at scale this
quickly. We got Jeff Lus joining us
today. He's a multi-deade supply chain
executive and chief quality officer.
He's now CEO of his own high-tech
manufacturing consulting firm. Welcome,
Jeff.
&gt;&gt; Oh, hey. Yeah, these are some
interesting topics. I think they're
really speaking to where the business
may be going in a number of aspects. So,
look forward to going through it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we often uh hoping to see more
signs of robo taxi roll out. It is today
the one-year anniversary. I think many
people thought that we would be much
further ahead in terms of scale, but if
you look at the infrastructure, you look
at all these developments, it is quietly
building up enough that I think they can
still catch up in terms of expectations.
But right now they're definitely behind.
Uh Tesla themselves celebrated it. It's
the one year of robo taxi. So June 22nd
I was there. We did a live stream.
500,000 people watched that live stream
of the very one of the very first robo
taxi rides. Elon said the Tesla robo
taxi launch begins in Austin this
afternoon with customers paying a 420
flat fee. Um
yeah. So, this is uh the one year
anniversary. I'm just gonna play a
really quick clip to reminisce about
what we did that day.
&gt;&gt; I'm wondering how the UI is going to be.
&gt;&gt; I got it. I got it.
&gt;&gt; Can you see it?
&gt;&gt; Keep on going.
&gt;&gt; See? Uh, okay. The corner there. I can
see them there.
&gt;&gt; I'm going to fast forward it.
&gt;&gt; So, obviously they come in different
colors.
Trying to see if there's any difference
in the visualization because we know
that this
&gt;&gt; we know that this particular um
&gt;&gt; keep him out of it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then
&gt;&gt; this particular uh car is using the
upgraded version of full self driving,
not the kind that we are all using. You
can see that on the screen there it does
say pull over, stop in lane or support.
&gt;&gt; Okay, there you go.
&gt;&gt; So So can
&gt;&gt; turn that off.
&gt;&gt; Can we just
&gt;&gt; We don't know. So,
&gt;&gt; there is somebody following us, but we
don't know.
&gt;&gt; Well, we'll see when you get out.
&gt;&gt; Because remember on the way there, there
was a guy that was just a fanboy that
was following.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but that was a cyber.
&gt;&gt; That was a cyber truck. So,
&gt;&gt; this one is a uh a blue Model Y.
&gt;&gt; Okay, that's enough. But, I mean, it was
a lot of fun. That's a short clip of
what happened uh that day. Very uh
chaotic uh but it was perfect. First
experience of a robo taxi. Uh now of
course it's been live but very small
numbers of cars uh by this point. It is
live in Austin. It's now live in Houston
and Dallas. Small number of cars and
it's still a ride in California. Uh
what's your comment about uh the
progress, Jeeoff?
&gt;&gt; You know it's interesting. I I love
looking at these one-year snapshots
because you can really see the the
progress that has occurred. That was a
version I think 13 from an FSD
perspective and there were some issues
but in general you know the the the the
core system worked payments worked
uh it you know it drove without you know
any kind of major incident of course
there were issues with pickup and drop
off that because that's the area that um
FSD and and and robo taxi have been
working on over the last year. I think
that when you look back on the on the
past year, I think on on one hand, you
have Tesla and what they they promised
in terms of, you know, short-term and
and even medium and long-term goals for
the service. There's a couple of video
clips that talk about the number of
cities uh by the end of the year. And
then, you know, I think there was a CNBC
interview with Elon with, you know, over
a 100,000 robo taxis in the following
year, which would be this year. So, it
would be interesting to understand what
the back half of this year is going to
look like. It certainly appears that
the the the job tasks like the the
number of bugs or issues that were in
front of the team were probably
difficult to predict especially with
these with these models but it looks
like everything else they've kept
everything else moving including of
course the improvements in the software
what we see in our own I think a year if
you look back if we did the same look
back a year on FSD software for in our
vehicles versus today. It is in a
meaningfully better place. It's almost
perfect except for these just final
details at drop off and sometimes when
um when when departing in in parking
lots and so forth. But it if just I
think the the key takeaway is a year ago
to today massive improvements in
software and massive growth in the
readiness of the infrastructure, the
people um getting all of the cleaning,
the charging uh the land and the
construction of these facilities to deal
with servicing these vehicles. We've
seen m multiple permits pulled and and
uh or service centers expanded. So a lot
of a lot of work has happened and I
think I think they are positioned
actually for a big roll out is a
question of is when are they going to
pull the trigger and what are those
internal metrics that say we're ready to
go. Remember the internal metrics are
not only about the quality of the
software and and the and there's there's
two elements of that the safety and the
convenience features. I think they're
there on the safety end of it, but in
terms of perfect pickup and drop off, I
think there's still aspects that they're
working on, but they're getting closer.
And then the infrastructure is is
significantly grown. I think all these
things together. I think it's a lot to
plan for. But we are where we are now.
Let's look at, you know, as we ex we ex
exit June and go into the second half of
this year. Can we light up more cities
and then can we get a meaningful number
of of driverless vehicles out? I think I
think you'll start seeing more signs of
that in the existing cities uh Austin,
Dallas, Houston where they have vehicles
today. When we see those numbers
meaningfully grow, I think it'll be
ready for for broader deployment. So
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Anyway, in terms of and if you compare
it to one more quick thing, just other
robo taxi rollouts,
&gt;&gt; it's not significantly off. They're
they're hard to measure because we've
only had one other major service launch
in volume driverless, but it's it's
fairly close.
&gt;&gt; So Jeeoff, I have a comment about this
and I want to see how you react to this.
So first of all, it there's no sugar
coating. It's a lot slower than many of
us thought we would be by now, one year
later. But if you stop and think about
it, you realize, okay, well, they had a
bunch of Model Y's. I really wanted them
to roll out the Model Y's to at least
be, let's say, 100 cars per city. That's
what I thought. More cities, 100 Model
Y, but the reality is that that is not
Tesla's robo taxi service. Tesla's robo
taxi service is CyberCaps. So, they wait
until April to launch Cyber Caps. And
then we're watching cyber cap production
come out which is seems to on been
track. That's the one that should be 900
per city. If you have a,000 cars n 90
90% of it should be cyber capabs 10%
should be model wise. So you know what
I'm saying Jeeoff like if you're
launching a program and your main
product is you know in this case subc
cabs you don't necessarily want to roll
it out with you know too many Model Y's
quite yet or you know what I'm saying?
Like they're different. That's not the
product,
&gt;&gt; right? No, I think I think I think that
makes sense. But I mean Tesla's known
the Cyber Cab ramp plan for a long time
and I and I think they've known I think
they've known that plan. So I think I
think I I again I agree with you, but it
it I think there's I think they're just
encountering
a lot of startup issues as they get the
as they get the full fleet to scale. But
once they get over this hump, I think
it'll be it'll be something that scales
like unlike anything else that we've
ever seen before. But it's it's just
it's honestly it's you've got the hard
you got to get the your I think I agree.
We've got to get the cyber capab
hardware ramped up and deployed in
cities, which is what's happening now.
Uh and they've got to get through these
convenience issues because the
convenience issues unfortunately scale
as as they scale the service. So that's
why you've got to knock them out when
you're at lower levels. So, I think
that's where they're at. And I think
it's I I said a couple weeks ago, I
think somewhere in the next 2 to 6 weeks
that they're really going to start
scaling this. So, I think at some point
in July, I think they're I think we're
going to see some meaningful movement
just based on everything I'm seeing.
But, who knows? We'll see. Tesla's going
to put safety first and they're going to
make sure that the system is performing
very well just given all the the media
attention on anything Tesla, anything
Elon.
&gt;&gt; I've got a number of new stories to
share about server cap production um and
progress. So, let's start with this one.
Joe Techmar is back from vacation and uh
he said CyberCap day. He took a look at
Giga Texas. Clear shots of a bunch of
them in the outbound lot sporting the
cyber capab logos. I'm going to ask you
about that. Instead of Robbo taxi logos
on the doors and rear hatch, here's a
bunch of uh new shots. Many employees
gather around 10 of them on the west
side of the end of lot of line and more
lined up outside the factory exit.
Overall, there was provably over 80 plus
all over the site, including several
doing what looks like test runs and drop
offs around the factory, reminiscent of
early test late this year.
So, instead of Robo Taxi, it has the
cyber cab uh decal on it. And I have a
theory about why that is. Let's talk
about it. First of all, they're
beautiful. There they are. Uh James
Steven asked any theories on why that
decal says CyberCat, not Robo Taxi. Uh
if you remember, he said the name of the
ride hailing app is Robo Taxi, so it
should be called Robo Taxi. But if you,
this guy explained it really well. I
said remember Elon said the name will be
cyberc cab where taxi is prohibited by
law and inversely robo taxi where cab is
prohibited by law and Elon said they
might need another name for where both
cab and taxi are prohibited. Uh so I
thought that that was the right the
right answer because uh actually which
means that it's actually a good sign to
see a a lot of them that are called
cyber cap. That means that they plan to
roll this out to cities now that you're
not allowed to use the word robo taxi.
So they're going to call it cyber cap.
That's what I think it means. What
what's your interpretation?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. When you're when you're when
you're scaling out a new product uh and
you've got different regions, you've got
different regulatory, you then you got
to build different model types to serve
that. It's no different in the
smartphone world. As you're as you're
rolling over and getting to those new
model types, you're invariably just
building more volume. So, I agree. This
is a sign that, you know, they're going
fairly wide with this service.
And if we were just stuck on the I know
someone's going to look at this and say,
"Oh, now they're they're obsessing about
the the the name on the decal." And but
it actually does mean something. It
means that they're they're rolling out
the other model types, meaning and by
the way, it is a different model when
they actually have to label it
differently on the outside of the
vehicle. Even though this seems minor to
anybody watching this video, when you're
in a factory and you, you know, you've
got to deploy tens of thousands of
something, you've got to build a
particular model and then switch over
and then get to the next model, no
matter where that configuration
occurs. So that's what they're doing. So
it is it is synonymous. It is
significant. And it it does show that
they are they are building an expansive
fleet to hit multiple regions and
they've got to deal with these
regulatory issues of what they can call
the service or call the vehicle or label
the vehicle. So it is it is a positive
sign.
&gt;&gt; One thing Joe said was that he saw some
of the cyber caps testing and simulating
pickup and drop off in the Giga Texas.
There's a person here who spotted it in
public in Austin. Tesla's engineering
safety right into the cyber cap. That's
how he's positioning it. He said a Tesla
employee in a production cyber cap
simulated a drop off and pickup near
downtown Austin. He exited from the
passenger door, re-entered from the
passenger door, slid over to the
driver's side. The cyber cap seats have
no middle obstruction, which allows an
easy slide across to the other side. So,
you're going to enter in from the side,
not not through the middle of the
street. This makes it safer to exit
while avoiding oncoming traffic. The
cyber cap can also park very close to
the curb and open its butterfly doors
upward to avoid scraping or hitting the
curb. This can make it safer to get in
and out of certain situations. And so
these are the thoughtfulness. How close
can you drive to the curb? Can the door
open wide enough so you can go ingress
and outgress uh and safer than you know
other cars where you need to park
further away from the curb or something
like that. Here's the photos. They're
testing it out in um on the streets.
Yeah. And then here's a view where
CyberCap is driving on a test track uh
there as well.
Yeah. I I I saw somebody commenting on
the uh the wheel covers and saying,
"Wow, these things these things these
things um I guess somebody was bending
and folding the rubber back. Oh, these
things look cheap." I actually think
they're designed for what you just
described that they will be getting
close to the curb. They will be, you
know, they will be, you know,
experiencing a lot of wear. And I
actually think they're designed to be
easily removable and replaceable and low
cost where wheel coverings typically are
not. And they and they're one of the
things that really show the age of a
vehicle. So, I actually think this is
this starts at the Fron level. This is a
fron thing.
with the engineering team. The
engineering team is like, "Okay, here
here are the materials we can use.
Here's what's durable. Here's how we can
design it. So, it's a compression fit."
And France is like, "Well, this is the
look. This is um kind of the the profile
we want as you're approaching the
vehicle. Here's the colors, materials,
finishes. CMF is what term is used in
the industry. And they both work
together. So, they both link up and they
work with manufacturing to figure out
how do we build something, how do we
take something that's traditionally a
high cost thing. If you if your um rims
in your vehicle need to be refinished
with curb rash, you know, the cost on
that can be depending on where you're
going and how good of a job they're
doing. It could be, you know, hundreds,
a couple low hundreds uh to get that
work done. And here you have something
that may be a a low dollar part to just
swap out and replace. And it also looks
like it's made of a material where
uh it looks like it's made of a material
where even if it gets a couple of
scratches or dings, the underlying
substrate under it's the same color. I
haven't seen it up close. I'm not 100%
sure of that. But it looks like those
are designed for easily easy replacement
and serviceability. You don't need even
need to be in a service center to do
that. And these are I think there's a
lot of things you have to think through.
A lot of companies that build robo taxis
take existing vehicles that are for
personal use that have been designed the
traditional way and then put them on the
road. Well, they're heavier and the high
wear items probably cost a lot of money
to replace. So this is why I think this
program has taken a couple of years from
when we saw it at Ri robot to getting
into it to production because these are
all the things that the industrial
design team under Fron the engineering
team under Lars and the manufacturing
teams and the supplier realization teams
have to work through to come up with
materials a seat that you can easily
slide on a seat that can be easily
serviced and swapped or or the uh the
outer upholstery maybe can be easily
serviced and swapped. The wheel covers,
these are the things you have to think
about on a vehicle that's going to get
much more ingress egress than ever
before. So, I love the examples about a
proximity to the curb, being able to go
in and out from the sidewalk side. These
are very thoughtful things the Tesla
team has really worked through.
&gt;&gt; That's a very good point, Jeeoff. Yeah,
these tiny little things. I mean, who
would have even thought they let's make
the wheel cover rubber.
Yeah. And then how close can we park to
the curb without right because the issue
is always a you know curb rash or
something that you don't want to do that
and that's why they put the wheel cover
and yet you can still park really close
and then where does the it's brilliant
the little things like this this is the
takes yeah months and months to figure
this out and then like you're pointing
out you'd have to go and make changes so
things might take longer depending on
how important is so the one the one
thing I am very disappointed with is the
progress with California. So there it is
not a robo taxi, it's a ride hill and
it's been like that since I don't know
since the day one. I don't remember when
I can't remember when it was launched in
California but um so some little signs I
don't think this is very important but
some little signs here was that
California DMV uh changed Tesla's permit
holder from Tesla to Roboaxi LLC. So now
it says Tesla's robo taxi LLC. Here's
the list of all the companies that can
actually test. Um, you can test uh as
long as you have a safety driver, you're
authorized to test on any public road
and uh has issued autonomous vehicle
testing permits. So, those are the
companies. In the past, it was just um
it was just saying Tesla and now it says
some robo taxi. Sure. Okay, that's
straightforward. And then another one is
there's now a little permit here. Says
allows a limousine permit again. ride to
be able to pick up drop off at the
in San Francisco. Yeah, San Francisco
airport. So, that's great. What do you
think's happening in uh California,
Jeeoff? Why is it not moving forward? I
thought they needed to get enough data,
but by now with the number of cars they
have, the number of months they should
have gotten the data.
&gt;&gt; Now, just to be clear, there is no
there's no major um incidents or
crashes. That's not what's happening.
But but why why is it taking this long?
&gt;&gt; Well, we like I said, we don't know the
we know well there's it's been talked
about in California like permitting
cues for a number of different
industries just seem to take a long
time. We don't know what's actually
going on. We do know what's been
reported to Nitsa. We we know that
there's there's no serious issues.
There's nothing like that that would be
holding up. So it could be imminent. It
could be it could be quick. We don't we
don't know the the timeline, the
expectations, the back and forth between
um the California DMV and and Tesla. So,
we don't know what's open and remaining,
but it's probably imminent. They have a
lot of cars out on the road, several
hundred.
I know um some of the accounts we have
have um paused recently, but they have a
lot of cars on the road doing a lot of
miles. So, these are subtle good signs.
I think the size of that list is very
interesting because we know that there's
really only in volume who Whimo and some
volume of Zuks uh giving rides. So it
it's it just shows you how difficult the
bar is to enter and to be a player in
this. And then I mean none of them are
profitable. So Tesla's is is approaching
this not just to enter and to be in the
game, but they want to they want to
dominate. you dominate by being
profitable, high gross margins, and have
a product that people want to use uh
repeatedly. So, that's the safety side
of it and that's the cost side of it
with the vehicle. So, we'll see. I'll do
I'll do some more research online. If
there's anything that comes up, I'll uh
I'll post it. But, I I imagine that
they're in a queue and it's it's fairly
imminent. They they've been testing
um for I mean north of nine months, I
think.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. Uh Tesla Semi that looks
like it is uh now testing ground
truthing equipment. They often do this
to just double check that the FSD full
self-driving is actually working
accurately in certain locations.
Anyways, I don't know where this was
spotted. Um I the guy the guy didn't
mention which city state this is seen,
but there we go. There you can see that
&gt;&gt; that's the semi on that. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This is not this is not surprising
but it's obviously gamechanging. First
with with semi if they can just extend
the you know with with a driver in the
seat and then you know just like we're
experiencing with our cars today with
FSD when you you're on a couple hour
drive or you're doing errands all day
and you're letting the car drive you you
feel less fatigued you feel better at
your destination and you probably could
have driven more and more that day. I
find myself when we decide like who's
driving, you know, in the family, I find
myself saying, "I'll I'll do it because
it's it's not a chore. It's not it's it
it's great." And and so I I think I
think out the gate, I think with FSD and
semi, it's it's going to be a completely
different experience for drivers.
They're going to feel much better. They
can they can be more alert and just
going to be a much better experience.
And similar and synonymous with robo
taxi, I think a lot of the heavy
lifting, no pun intended, is going to be
on pickup and and uh and drop off of of
loads out of the out of the out of the
vehicle. And that's where a lot of the
work is going to have to happen
autonomously. I think for a long time,
actually, I think you're we're going to
have autonomous trucking, but I still
think pickup and drop off are still
going to be there's going to be a lot of
human intervention involved in that. But
I think it's going to get to the point
where you won't need to be in the
driver's seat. But I think the first
phase is you're in the driver's seat,
but the but the truck and FSD are doing
all the work. So this is great to see
the semiis ramping in the second half of
this year. And this is a kind of an
underdisussed thing in the Tesla
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; world and an underdisussed thing in the
auto and media world. But Tesla has been
in the lab with this semi for we know
it's been north of 10 years. It's been
uh 9 years since they revealed it and we
know they've been working on it
beforehand. So this is going to be I
think a great product
&gt;&gt; even better when it's self-driving
regard like you said even if it's not
robo taxi robo trucking yet but as long
as it's full self-driving
game changer already. huge.
&gt;&gt; All right, this morning, Lemonade, they
announced that they are now live in
Colorado. This is the fourth state in
total that's doing this. They um if you
remember, they have a car insurance. If
you are in these four states, so this is
Arizona, Oregon, Indiana, now Colorado.
I believe they have 11 states in total
that they provide car insurance, of
which Washington state, where I live, is
one that I'm waiting for myself here.
But every time you drive in FSD, all
them FSD miles, 50% discount for your
car insurance for those miles. Um, now
it's live in Colorado
and uh, yeah, this is their this is
their this is their marketing gig, which
is actually pretty funny. Which is
pretty good.
Yeah, it is funny. And this is good to
see. And I think others are going to be
forced to to pick up on this. Tesla is
let out with with their insurance
product. We haven't seen many
announcements, by the way, in terms of
expansion of Tesla insurance. I love it.
I mean, so far it's been working out um
great for me. Uh and it is essentially
the delta for me for like for like
insurance in terms of the premiums, the
settings, everything. It saves me about
$100 per vehicle per month.
&gt;&gt; And that's FSD roughly. I mean it it
vascalates depending on your driving
score which now my driving score is
consistently pretty high with FSD doing
the driving. So for me this has been a
wonderful thing. I couldn't recommend it
more. I know others have had mixed
experiences but most of the experiences
I've heard have been have been very
good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is proof uh that if an
insurance company is willing to actual
real dollars reduce the charge. I mean
you can argue maybe it's marketing but
reality is they wouldn't do that if they
weren't still making money. They can't
do it too far too far too often but um
they are expanding. This is the force
they
&gt;&gt; it's smart for them because model Y is
such a high in three are such high
selling models that it's a very smart
thing for them to do to go and get those
buyers because they're great products
and they they know that they're great
products and they see the data in terms
of how they're performing in the field.
with FSD. So, this is a very smart thing
for Lemonade.
&gt;&gt; That's Lemonade. Okay, here's a very big
story. It just starts off with a
trademark, but it tells you that they're
moving forward. This is they Tesla just
trademarked the word Megapod. And if you
read down here what it is, and this is
just a uh a mockup of what this could
be, but a megapod is a distributed AI
data center servers in where the
superchargers are because they've got
the batteries there. And uh it's called
modular data center hardware systems for
artificial intelligence computing
comprised of computer servers, computer
hardware for artificial intelligence
processing, computer networking,
hardware, electrical power distribution
units and cooling systems sold as a unit
self-contained modular computing
hardware system for AI workloads. Da da
da da. Wow. So here we go. Is this I
think this is related to the dedicated
digital Optimus units running on
superchargers and uh yeah I think so if
you think about it this is um this is
what Elon said. So if you remember in
March he talked about Mark Microheart
and the other name is Digital Optimus.
It's a joint XAI Tesla project
and then Gro's going to ma be the master
conductor of the world uh to direct
digital Optimus which is processing
actioning the past 5 seconds of
real-time computer screen video and
computer and keyboard mouse actions. And
then you can think of digital optimist
AI being system one instinctive part of
the mind and gro being system two
thinking part of the mind. Okay. So one
that controls the computer the other one
that answers questions and so forth. But
down below he says oh and it works on
all AI4 equipped cars. So your car can
do office work for you when not driving.
Okay. So our cars are mobile distributed
AI data centers. Now he also said we're
also deploying a millions of dedicated
digital optimist units in the field at
superchargers where we have 7 gawatts of
available power. So I think this might
be inference in the cars but this one
could be also used for training or
inference. I don't know but anyways um
yeah what do you think about this
Jeeoff? This is if this is just a mockup
but how cool would this be? How how cool
is it that you know Elon has these
assets available to him and him and his
teams can come up with I mean here's
what's the landscape right now? The
landscape right now is there's dozens of
states that don't want data centers that
are actively protesting against them.
Illinois pulled a lot of tax benefits
for for data centers. And then you have
this far out thing that's could be a
couple years out of putting them in
space where you don't have a lot of
these energy power and regulatory or the
human issue the complaints
um about data centers. So what does
Tesla do?
Because if you if you look at this
there's this other thing going on of
NeoClouds and and former Bitcoin miners
that have power. They have power. So,
they're getting into the data center
business and they're hooking up with
companies. You think of companies like
um these Neoclouds, Nebius, uh uh former
Bitcoin miners, iron, uh uh Clean Spark,
and then now, so what Tesla is looking
at, it's like, hey, look, we have all
these superchargers. We have power at
these. We have a lot of power at these
superchargers. And what plugs into these
superchargers are AI4 inference computer
vehicles. And of course, we can put
compute inside of these megapods as
well. So, this is Tesla
looking at and leveraging their assets
like like no other. I mean, this is
you'd almost think like this was thought
of or planned of. And I think this what
actually wasn't. I think this is a bit
of a reaction to what's happening with
compute and what's happening with the
the the strangle hold on power. I think
it's just such a great solution though.
And we'll see. We'll see how it works
out. We'll see how people respond to it.
Um, I I can't I mean I think these
things can't go in in more densely
populated areas, but in some of these
where some of these superchargers are,
there's not a lot around it. And if you
were to pl pop in something of that size
that was in that rendering, I don't
think people would have an issue with
it. So this is Tesla looking at where
where we have power and we have compute
putting the two together. And it's kind
of this tweener space between having the
inference in the vehicle, having this
larger capability next to power and of
course all the compute that SpaceX is
doing, you know, on terrestrial on Earth
and there's another deal was even signed
this morning. But the far out thing of
going out into space, which is a couple
of years out. So this is Elon covering
all the different spaces all the way
from inference down into the device
level all the way through up into space.
And I didn't think about this, but I
know I remember this conversation from
the macro hard conversation and
leveraging superchargers. This is a
really I guess is a really thoughtful
approach as a response to all these
challenges out there.
&gt;&gt; I have to think this through. I mean,
first of all, they said millions of
dedicated digital Optimus units in the
field at these supercharger locations.
Now, we know that they're called
megapods.
What I need to think through is that is
that uh they likely won't be coherent.
If if they had an issue connecting macro
harder 2 to Macrohard one because of the
distance and they were like literally
like nearby,
u I don't know how they would do this as
as coherent. So, maybe this won't be for
training. This will just be for
inference, which is what which is what
digital optimus is for inference. So,
and then and of course they've got
power, electricity, they've got the mega
chargers, batteries, and then now
they've they probably outfitted with
Starlink, easy peasy. Now you got
connection millions of units.
&gt;&gt; The other thing I'm just I don't know. I
don't know how I mean this could be way
out there but you do have this Starlink
connection
as you described and one of the things
that Starlink is missing to be a real
cellular operator is the terrestrial
presence. So, for example, when you're
in buildings, when you're that, that's
where Starlink wouldn't work if it was
direct to cell. But if these pods are
everywhere and they have the ability to
kind of act as I I mean, it' be
interesting to see if there's in in the
uh
&gt;&gt; in the write up it's what are they
talking about in terms of antennas
&gt;&gt; and transmission
&gt;&gt; um out of these pods. So anyway, it just
it could be something. It could be
nothing. But I have to think that there
could be something else to this related
to communication between Starlink
satellites and potentially direct to our
devices, but we'll see.
&gt;&gt; Any connection possibly for cyber cab
like robo taxi specifically? So if you
had mega pods and each supercharger, we
know that the robo taxis might use some
of the superchargers for charging. Is
there any other benefit to having a
megapod there for supercharger for robo
taxi itself? Every robo taxi will have
connection to Starlink. They will need
to have some sort of gro as the
orchestrator of the robo taxi. Think
millions of robo taxis all over each
city. Hundreds of maybe tens of
thousands per city. And then you need to
orchestrate uh where the cars go and all
that. I wonder if these mega pods can
serve as many brains, many location.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean it could definitely be for
connectivity for sure. But I I think I
think in the beginning I I don't know
this. I actually don't know this for a
fact cuz we haven't seen a tear down of
cyber cab if it's coming out. I think
they're coming out with traditional
cellular modems inside of them, but I
could be wrong. Uh maybe that's a backup
and then maybe eventually I agree they
will have Starlink uh in them. But yeah,
there could be a number of different
uses. But right now, to me, this is if
we just take it at face value,
&gt;&gt; this is modular compute at the source of
power. And Tesla has many of these
sources of power with this supercharger
network that they've built up over the
last 15 plus years. It's incredible.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, today's June 22nd. It
is a one-year anniversary.
I'm just curious what's going to happen.
Uh I was hoping that Tesla would
actually use this day as some sort of
you know cyber cap first cyber cap to uh
to and be part of robo taxi. They
haven't done that. So we'll see what
they end up doing rest of day.
&gt;&gt; The day is young.
&gt;&gt; Wonderful. Thank you Jeeoff. Appreciate
you. uh lots of um you know
disappointing how far Robbo taxi has
gone but we continue to report on the uh
infrastructure that's rolling out and
that and and most importantly cyber cap
production seems to be
&gt;&gt; safe and so far it's been safe it's been
issue free since I think February and
even those issues were minor that's
probably the most important thing if if
they had you know 5,000 vehicles and
they had a couple of serious issues I
think
&gt;&gt; we're in trouble
&gt;&gt; in a different place
&gt;&gt; you're right this is the it's a go and
it's just a matter of when and we're
just uh anxious. Thank you, Jeff. Follow
him on his exac account at the Jeffoffs.
Thanks, everybody.