Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tesla Optimus V3 LEAKED: Everything We Know
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvB1wGPjIgQ
Published:   2026-09-23 17:20 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-23 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

e of the most important product ever
conceived by man with the exception of
neural nets and AGI of course but the
humanoid robots are the equivalent or
the brother of the little evil sister of
AGI. The robots are the manifestation in
the physical world of universal
intelligent intell intelligence because
they can be like people only smarter and
more dangerous. So we are all looking
forward to this future where billions of
these things roam around and we hope
that they don't kill us. That future is
imminent and whoever builds it will make
so much money we can't even imagine. And
of course there's one company that
everyone looks at, everyone is excited
about and everyone thinks, "Oh my god,
maybe it's true. Maybe the rumors are
true that Tesla will finally get
repriced even beyond Cyber Cap and
becomes a $10,000 stock because of
Optimus. And you see here the latest
leak. It is Optimus version 3. And no
one knew how it looks like. No one knew
it. And now we have a leak. And today we
are going to look through that leak. We
are going to look through everything we
know about Optimus version 3 and we are
going to try to figure out what the hell
is going on. So the context here is
someone discovered literally
uh in the Android app of Tesla this
thing, right? They uh basically found
Android app version 4.60.5
that there's an image hidden in the
official Tesla app somehow and they
found it. And this happens sometimes.
You know Tesla has the apps. Some dude
puts in the latest Model Y or the Cyber
Cap into the app, but it's not visible.
It's hidden in the code and when the
time comes, they just press a button and
everyone sees it. But of course if you
have a smart hacker they can see certain
information and that is exactly what
leaked. So this is not reliable. It is
not a reliable leak where we see oh this
is guaranteed to be it. But it's a very
interesting thing that has been
validated by a lot of people that this
is actually not made up. I mean the
image is probably made up but by Tesla.
So what you see here
interesting developments with Optimus.
We should find a sidebyside comparison
which I will do right now. I will find
you a sideby-side comparison. I can
already tell you this this Optimus robot
has not taken OMPic.
Actually, it has done the opposite. It
has gotten a little fatter.
Uh but there are good reasons for it in
my opinion because
you want you don't want to look too much
like a robot. And here is the
head-to-head comparison. Generation 2.5
and generation 3. Generation 2.5 we have
all already seen.
And it looks much more like a robot. It
has like this weird thing here where you
can see the bones and the spine and all
these things to uh speak in
anthropomorphic
uh terms. And then you see this one and
this one becomes much more human, right?
It is actually much more human because
look, these are soft tissue things. This
is hard tissue and they just covered it
up better and so it looks a little bit
less scary and more relatable. And that
is actually very interesting. I've never
seen a robot like this. Most Chinese
robots still look very much like this or
even more extreme like this. And I think
it takes off the scare factor which is
very very important. And here is my take
just on the visuals before we go into
some more details.
Just on the visuals, I think people
underestimate the effects of human
robots once they're in the wild.
Once they're in your factory, once
they're in your living room, I think it
will be just stunning. You know why?
When I see these manas right in these,
you know, if you go into some creepy
warehouse where you have these
mannequins that go into the uh shop
windows, it's so creepy because you turn
like is, oh, why is someone looking at
me? And it's just this plastic thing
that is just shaped in the form of a
human. So it does something to our
minds. If something is shaped like a
human and behaves like it, it's very
scary or depending what it does. But
it's very eerie. It is a very very
interesting thing. It will be have an
enormous impact, enormous impact on our
psychology and on our excitement and the
emotional triggering and the emotional
reaction to these things. I think it's
very important because it is part of the
psychological excitement of for this
product and we can clearly see Tesla is
fully aware of this effect much more
aware than the Chinese and they're
driving this product towards perfection
and with perfection I mean more than
engineering perfection it's going to be
also perceived perfection it's going to
be product perfection and that is what
Tesla is very good at remember the cyber
cap that thing is absolutely absolutely
revolutionary when you sit in it and
when you experience it and Optimus seems
to be on the same track.
Now we have a bunch of additional things
that we know
uh and I posted them
here. We have some more leaks. What does
Tesla Ming say? He always knows a lot.
He is based in China. Uh zero exposed
actuators, no messy wiring.
Every joint is sealed behind sleek
flexible shrouds. A huge deal for
factory floor safety to eliminate pinch
hazards.
H interesting. Plus a massive upgrade
for IP ratings against dust and grime.
So it's the optics, but it's also very
functional, right? This thing becomes
insulated against all these little dust
problems. The torso shift to a single
monolithic shell. This screams
lightweight rim composite rather than
stamped metal. tightly packaging the 2.3
kilowatt hour battery pack and central
compute stack with unne without
unnecessary seams or panel gaps. Wow,
Tesla Ming. Not bad. He's the poet of
product descriptions.
Check out the forearm bulk versus the
slim wrists. Tesla clearly relocated the
hand actuators up into the arm. Isn't
that interesting? So, you have very slim
wrists wrists and the actuators are now
in the arm. They probably need use these
string mechanics in case you have seen
that you can manipulate your fingers
like our human fingers are basically
pulled through strings and the muscles
are in the forearm and that was not how
they built initially the hands that
actuators here. So Tesla seems to be
going for the string strategy. So we can
even derive some things.
Uh Tesla clearly in the relying on
tendon driven linkages. Oh, he's so much
better in describing this stuff. Tendon
driven linkages, the little cords to
give the fingers higher degrees of
freedom while drastically slashing
inertia at the fingertip at the
fingertips. Some story low down tempered
calves and minimal bootlike feet.
We look at it. Slashing mass at the
extremities cuts motor torque demands at
the knees and hips, which should
translate to a far, smoother, more
natural walking gate. Okay. So, yeah,
very elegant here. There's not much
actuators left in here. So, they just
copied the human body more and more
using more tendon structures, which is
what what 1x technologies is very good
at. By the way, uh the Norwegians that
are now in Silicon Valley,
uh even factoring in the simplified
geometry of an inapp 3D assets, the leap
from an R&amp;D set mule test mule to a
finished product is night and day.
The two-tone styling and refined
proportion signal optimus is rapidly
converging while his true production
form factor
oh
mass is not there anymore.
So that is happening.
Uh we also have more news on the
production updates.
I can tell you more what we know about
the Optimus production orders because
oops what is happening here
uh on the production orders.
Let's see what's happening here. Optimus
production leak because we know we know
that Optimus is now being produced or
being already manufactured in the
thousands based on some leaks we have
from China.
Uh
we have leaks from China about how we
are doing in the production because
um the
the people who are delivering
uh the parts and pieces for uh Optimus
in China
have
already been ordered to deliver they are
goods and that's why we know what is
going on.
So I can I can tell you exactly what
uh that is because I find this very very
interesting. So we know for example um
that
supply chain here China mid late
September 26 unconfirmed by Tesla but
the paper and 21 Jingi uh said on the
16th and 21st September that Tesla teams
are auditing young Delta suppliers Tupo
Sanu Joson for Gen 3 mass production
firm says to already hold orders of
varying size production to start after
the audit pass and an earlier audit wave
in September 25 for Gen 3 redesign
uh already prepared uh for multi- multi-
10,000 unit production and we also know
that there is a 5,000 unit component
batch already being delivered.
Okay, that is very interesting. And
there's internal cheddar at Tesla for 10
to 20,000 units in 2026.
And weekly RAM rumors are right now that
they're ramping towards 1,000 Optimus
units
um
per week by year end. Okay. And then
there are also some rumors about 15,000
part kits claims. So that 15,000
kits of parts have already been shipped
to Tesla. So what is clearly going on
based on these rumors? What's clearly
going on is that this thing is in full
swing. The production is in full swing
for Tesla Optimus.
uh and
and that is pretty exciting because now
the question is how many of them can be
produced and deployed within the Tesla
ecosystem.
uh you have all these for example
September 20 zero hedge here Tesla
engineers audit Chinese suppliers as
optimist commercialization nears so this
is all being prepared behind the scenes
it's a very big deals a deal here we
have several Chinese suppliers have
already received orders for optimus
components and I expect to begin
production
these are all Chinese news because most
of these come from China
and
here the shares of Chinese robotics
component supplies climbed after local
reports said Tesla teams had arrived in
the country to audit supplies and place
additional orders to boost production of
its optimist humanoid model by Doomberg.
Not that we believe that.
And of course we see here this is always
covered by the great Joe Techer uh that
the production of the Tesla factory
in totally full swing right you see this
of course
so that's also happening and this if you
know anything about Tesla factory
construction this thing will be ready
next year. So that is very interesting.
You know, you see this all coming
together now and people underestimate in
my opinion how huge this is going to be.
And I said early on when it comes to
humanoid robots, what is very important
is this is not like Cyber Cap. It is not
like FSD. You can start selling these
robots in the tens of thousands,
hundreds of thousands, and maybe even
millions before they have commercial
value, before they are much better than
humans or much cheaper or get more labor
per hour out than humans or per dollar.
Why? Because every business in the world
from retail, from McDonald's to
factories to all over the place to
agriculture,
everyone needs these robots and everyone
understands this is a multi-year process
to adjust your processes to these
robots. And what you want to do as a
business is you don't want to wait with
your entire change management until
these robots are perfect. You want to
get into the game roughly two years
before they are projected to be really
commercially valuable for you at scale
and you want to buy a thousand of these
for different pilots or 2,000 or 10,000
for different pilots to roll it out in
your company roughly 24 months before
they even achieve that inflection point.
And I would say if Optimus delivers a
good initial performance next year when
it becomes commercial, they will they
will be able to sell every single
Optimus they can produce. They will be
absolutely supply constrainted because
the capacity of the market is millions
of these things before they are even
commercially valuable.
Imagine your McDonald's. Imagine you're
an agricultural firm. You need them to
be in the fields to see how they work to
actually implement the processes for
maintenance for all kinds of things to
test what they actually can do way
before they are super awesome.
And that is why I'm so bullish on an
accelerated timeline of these things.
So, it's going to be very very
interesting what happens. Okay, now
let's go into
the chat
and see what you guys are thinking. This
leak is definitely very exciting. Let's
go back. Optimus
leak. Maybe you have some No one has a
video on this stuff probably, but we
want to show the beautiful Optimus as we
speak
and see what the chat thinks.
The Optimus
here. Poxy Frostbite with his secret
name. Oh, brother. Exactly. Optimus the
infinite money glitch. It will take some
time before we get to the infinite
money, but it is here. Mr. Tojo, here we
go.
Hope you discuss the Android APK leak.
That is exactly what we are doing. Casey
says, "Joe, I'm a pioneer, but I never
seem to know when the lives are on, so
I'm happy to participate this time."
Sorry about this, Casey. Well, in
Pioneer Lands, you I I put them on a
little short notice. That's my problem.
But you see they they are indicated here
in Pioneer Lands on the site. But I
admit that I am not good in scheduling
yet. By the way, cyber cap tracker. We
got another cyber cap out. Isn't that
amazing?
Um so that is happening.
Got another cyber cap out here. So we
are now 69 are registered and
we got 43 spotted. Isn't that amazing?
Just saying on the other side of Tesla.
Um
Micro Strategy Tesla Bitcoin let's go.
China sh is doubly exposed to Bitcoin
with Micro Strategy and Tesla. Uh Eric
you have my attention. Very good. uh
stock is sticking to 380 resistance
level for quite a while. I'm hoping we
get something that pushes us towards the
next level. We have to understand that
technically Tesla is performing very
well today. 379
uh here and market's totally down. So
Tesla totally outperforming the market
today. You guys have to understand that
you know when Tesla goes up 3% and the
the NASDAQ is up 2.2% I tell you guys
forget it. That's bad performance. 3% is
not good. Should be up 4%. The same is
true on the reverse. On the inverse,
NASDAQ is down 1.1% and Tesla is
actually green today, which is a massive
outperformance because it should be down
2%. I believe after a long drag, we are
now breaking through 380. I told you
guys we're going back through 380 and
close the gap and it seems pretty stable
now. So, if you form a base here, we can
absolutely break through. I remain
extremely bullish in the sense that I
think Tesla will have a hard time
dropping much from here. I mean, let's
see. You know, we just went up, so of
course it can drop 10 points or
something shortterm, but
uh Mr. Bibu,
beautiful name, Mr. Boo, holding 2,480
shares of Tesla. Let's go. I will come
up with a video next week. They are
always in high demand where I do a
little bit of simulation. How much will
be 1,000 Tesla shares worth in 2030? I
know everyone loves this. And we will do
the latest projections and simulations
to see what 1,000 shares get you in
2030. And Mr. Boo will be very happy.
Tom Lucen Joe, where do you currently
live? I will reveal that very soon, but
I give you a hint. I will hold a speech
when tomorrow in Talin in Estonia, but I
don't live there. But I'm not far away.
Uh, I for one welcome our new robot
overlords. I know Sam Jabber. I know. I
know you do. It's going to be
interesting what they do to us. Maybe
they live you they let you live longer
because
uh you welcome them. Droid, hello
everyone. Best name in this context,
Droid. He's one of them. Uh, hi from one
hour north of Philly. That's beautiful.
What's one hour north of Philly? I
forgot. I went hiking there somewhere
with my then girlfriend. I remember in
the mountains. These beautiful Philly.
The beautiful Pennsylvania mountains.
Uh, Blue Ridge something. No, that's
like the long ridge. I forgot. It was
beautiful.
Do you know where? Do you know it's not
AI generator? I see fake ones all the
time. Well, Kyle bitterly, there's too
many I checked this. There's too many
smart accounts sharing this who normally
double check these things. So, I'm
pretty sure it was actually leaked.
Hello from the Republic of Texas again.
Howdy. Can't wait to hear the positive
news. I've already thought it would be
gold. I mean, it is gold. It is golden
and it's gold here. Isn't that
beautiful? It's going to be so cool. And
people don't understand. I think Chris
Camilillo is in total anti-Tesla mode. I
have to criticize Chris a little bit.
Even though he's a smart cookie, he's
just going to be pivoting. He just wants
to make money shortterm. That's fine.
He's going to pivot back to Tesla. But
he says things about the Cyber Cap that
are just not thought through.
And he's saying things about Tesla
Optimus where he says he doesn't think
the Tesla team is
topnotch in the world. Um, and I
understand where he's coming from. I
think if he works a lot with Brad Edcock
and these people and figure one and also
all the other robot companies in the
United States and of course they have
great talent. They have attract the
right people. They are super focused
only on the robots whereas Tesla has
many things going on but I tell you
don't underestimate the power of an
Elon. I sound like Veron Brown and Elon.
And Elon is very powerful because when
you build something so disruptive and so
new, you need a mastermind who
understands the entire logic of this new
economic
vertical of reality. And Elon is just
the best in the world in understanding
new realities. And you have to engineer
the entire reality not just the robot
like all the things around it from mass
manufacturing and supply chains but also
to the context of usage to the deals you
want to strike with the buyers and stuff
like that. I think Elon has some major
assets.
Okay, we have Fisan Pulson Pulson
from Denmark. Hello. Hello fan
to Denmark. AK Jammer looks great if
true. Yes, I think so too. This is the
same when people found an icon in iTunes
that looked like an iPhone 6 months 6
months before the launch. Exactly.
Um likely be a placeholder image. Yeah,
we don't know exactly what is, but I
don't
I don't think this is just a placeholder
image. I think it's a little too
detailed and too interesting for that.
Golden Iron Man cryptologic. Exactly.
Looks like he's been hitting the weights
in the gym. Uh, looks like he ate too
much noodles in my opinion.
Optimus became human and China copies in
321. Yes, you can be guaranteed.
Uh, I wonder if he can stay below 800 in
2026 December.
I think we can make it below 800.
Stay there.
I sell palenteer and the stock stock
pops. Don't don't feel bad about that.
You will always miss something out. It's
important to stick. This is one of the
best best learnings in stock market
strategy in my opinion, trading
strategy.
Never look at another stock you missed
out on. That's like very bad because
then you do stupid things. You start
jumping onto these stocks. Meta, for
example, I predicted that Meta is one of
the strongest, most undervalued stocks
because explicitly because of Wang, the
AI boss. I told everyone he's good, but
you need to have patience because when I
said it, that was nine months ago and I
said like, "Dude, this stock is going to
rocket at some point. I don't know when,
but it can't be so long." And now
they're off to the races. I think it's
still a very good buy. By the way,
uh I'm disappointed because I thought I
heard the next Optimus was going to be
covered in a real looking skin.
Well, we don't know.
Susan Ling wants to see a six-pack.
I have fractions of SpaceX. Would love
to buy fractions of Tesla, which I sold
recently under pressure. Will I ever be
able to buy fractions of robots? Well,
you can buy Tesla very cheap right now.
Andreas Peterson,
why do we focus on Optimus when Semi is
starting production tomorrow? I think
Semi is super cool, but I had a video on
Semi. Look it up. The problem and I said
why Cyber Cap is what was the video's
name last week. I think uh we have to
understand that Semi is nice, but Semi
will never scale anytime soon.
Semi is not a good product for Tesla.
That's the problem. It's an amazing
product, but not for Tesla because they
are battery constrained. 4680 cells.
They are constrained. Cyber Cap needs
them. Model Y needs them. And the Semi
needs them. And the Semi makes much less
money per battery cell than a Model Y.
Roughly 30% less, 20 to 30% less. And
massively less than Cyber Cap. And since
they're constrained, they are not going
to scale semi. Even though the entire
world wants it, but the product doesn't
make them enough money. That's the
problem.
Exactly. Cryptologic, you're right.
Martin says, "I like the design. It's
humanoid but not indistinguishable.
I think they should stay away from
realistic skin and faces." Yeah. Oh,
that would be so creepy.
Uh, I like the design because it doesn't
even get close to crossing the uncanny
valley. Yes. Look at the Chinese the
fighter bots. That's very scary.
Uh the Tesla economy over the next 10,
25, 50 years becomes the future of
America and a global financial
influence, not just global space.
Optimus will be an S-curve gain for
years because of new technology.
Absolutely.
Will Optimus be regulated like they are
doing to CyberCap? No, much less
regulation necessary. CyberCap is a car.
It's in traffic. It has a lot of
problems because of that.
Robots as well as any mass product will
always deliver high-grade efficiency for
the dollar. I agree.
Uh do you think the government will buy
a lot of them in the military? Well,
that is not so much a government
question. It's a Tesla question because
undoubtedly the military wants a lot of
these things. They want them probably
stronger and bigger.
Uh, but I don't know if Tesla wants to
do that for ethical reasons and for
brand reasons because if you slaughter a
bunch of people brutally with Optimus,
that's not good. If Optimus is also in
your home, you understand? Like, if
you're a housewife in Beverly Hills, are
you really going to buy an Optimus after
seeing on Tik Tok how it like murdered a
bunch of people in another country? It's
bad. So
it will be tricky. Same with drones
because Tesla could manufacture a lot of
drones.
Uh Optimus will have more upgrades and
models than iPhone
probably.
Autonomous weapons or even autonomous
transport and war scenarios are golden.
Well, they're definitely golden.
Cost to market beats competition, brings
in high profits and puts a real tech gap
between most other products. Yes. So if
there even even if Optimus would be 20%
worse than the best robot, if it's
cheaper, you win. It's that simple. It
is it's it's about scale.
You don't need to put troops in danger
to achieve your goals. Yeah, but I said
it's a brand issue. I think they have to
do it differently.
Can you imagine in taking your order at
a restaurant then delivering the food?
Crazy. How about having them pick your
fruits and vegetables? They can work all
day and night, man. Oh, man. Crazy.
Yeah, I think people don't really
realize how crazy this is. This thing
can work day and night forever. Cost
30,000 bucks or whatever. Cost probably
a,000 bucks or 900 bucks a month. RAS
robot as a service. I mean, it's game
over.
They talk about the Optimus University
for training. However, I think it's
typical Tesla to also make use of all
early adopters and anonymize video data
from the field. I agree.
Imagine a future where you have a two
trillion capsule in orbit. You can
deploy it anywhere on Earth in 15
minutes full of Optimus ready to do any
mission you want. Yes, it would be
funny.
Um,
here comes Michael with concrete
estimates for the stock. And he says,
"My estimate is two 2,500 to 5,000 robo
taxes by end of the year." Realistic.
Put possible. I said 10,000, but it's a
little slow right now. So maybe I have
to go down to 5,000, but it doesn't
matter if you double every month.
if it's 10,000 in February or in January
or on or December
uh 25 to 50,000 by end of 2027.
Uh I disagree with that. I think by end
of 2027 we will have many more. We will
hit over 100,000 because once it scales
it scales very quickly.
I was two cyber caps fazats and 30 to 40
robo taxes in Orlando dealership
Saturday night.
Interesting.
Uh,
how will you play the SpaceX launch
currently set for Monday morning? I was
thinking short-term expiration call
options.
Uh,
no. Uh, I would stay away from that
because I have actually a major SpaceX
trade on right now. Very tactical
shortterm and it's short. I I sold
calls. Let's see how I'm doing. very
well. Oo,
I guess I made a lot of money here,
but it's was very safe. So, I sold
a pretty big amount of calls.
150 calls today when it was at 153.
So, around here. Yeah. Or 100. Yeah,
around here. I think after this I sold
them here.
Uh why? because of tomorrow. That's why
you guys need to go to Pioneer Lands. In
Pineland, you make money. That's the
point. Pioneer lands is the land of
abundance and money. Abundance of
knowledge and money. Look at this.
Because of this, I told you guys
tomorrow we have the next share unlock.
Okay? We have the next share unlock.
Here's Pinelands. You see the robo taxi
tracker, the cybercap tracker. You
always have to watch this. Even though
this is broken right now for some
reason. I will look into this. Uh but
tomorrow we have the next share unlock.
That's what you have to play. And this
will drop the stock very likely because
328 million shares come online. Roughly
20% of them are short-term sales because
people want to diversify. A lot of them
are 100% in SpaceX. Now they're allowed
to sell. Even if they're super bullish,
they're going to sell. And that means
roughly 60 million shares come into the
market. average trading volume is 90
million shares. You know what that
means? If 60 million shares go into a 90
million daily volume stock, you drop uh
and that's exactly what's happening. But
there are some conditions on it. So it
can't be too close to IPO price which is
135, but it's not. So I am very
confident
that the stock will drop. Maybe it's
already dropping in anticipation.
But that's why I put on a short call
trade. Even though I'm bullish on
SpaceX, that's a very tactical trade.
Expires on Friday. And after Friday, I'm
out of SpaceX because I don't want to
play the flight
because flight 14, right, this one here
is very strategically important. I have
two videos coming this week where I
cover SpaceX, multiple things about
SpaceX that are extremely exciting about
this flight and about some banks saying
stuff about satellites. We need to watch
this. But I don't want to bet on events
I have no control over because the
rocket could explode, Starship. That
would be very bad for the stock because
this flight is incredibly important.
Now, the odds are low. It's very likely
to succeed, but the downside risk of
explosion is much bigger than the upside
risk of success. However, if this thing
succeeds, which is likely, I think the
stock goes up, especially if it drops
because of share sales like tomorrow and
on Friday. So, in general, I would say
I probably stay out of the stock even
though the odds once it drops tomorrow
and Friday that it goes up significantly
on Monday and Tuesday, if the launch
goes according to plan, which is not
guaranteed, but if the launch goes
according to plan and the stock drops
over the next two days, it's very easy
to see like a
5% rally or something on Monday. So,
let's see. But the problem is you can't
bet too much on it because it's not
guaranteed
here. Fred Bishop Music. Hello from
Montreal. Love your content. Thank you
for tuning in from beautiful Canada.
Uh, hello from South Dakota says Roger
Jack. 69 Cyber Caps.
Planning to be in Austin October 10th
for X roundup. Nice. Hopefully Cybercap
fleet will be expanded by them. looking
forward to private ownership of Optimus.
South Dakota is pretty much directly
north of Austin but far north.
Uh I like the looks of V3 waiting for an
amazing demo in one to two years. Not
very hopeful. Ah you will get a demo in
one to two years. In one year I'm very
sure.
Chris Camilo is strong on Optimus not
Robbo taxi. That's not true. He's
actually not strong on Optimus. He's
actually very doubtful on Optimus now.
He says they don't have a top team.
Do you think the league will lead to
Tesla officially revealing Optimus V3
soon? No, I don't think so. I think V3
is coming in probably Q2 next year. My
best guess because they can't wait too
long, but they also don't want to
accelerate too much. So, I think
normal people would probably say Q3 or
Q4 of next year. I would say they don't
have that much time. They need to get
out, but they don't they can't do it
now. In my opinion, they're not ready.
So, I would estimate in Q2 things would
become real.
Rolia says, "Turn the volume up, Joe.
Hard to hear on the meta glasses." Oh,
wow. You have meta glasses. They're
looking better now, so that's fine. But
I think everyone is happy with the
volume.
Can't wait to buy Optimus V7 with
humanlike skin. That will be so creepy.
Um,
what are your thoughts on the cost of
Optimus? We will be able to purchase a
lease. I think 300 a month lease. I
think it's going to be maybe I think the
lease per month
will be a much more complex issue,
right? you will have probably a lease
per month and then you can lease
additional skills because you definitely
want to get the price to a,000 a month
for businesses if there are specific
skills in here. I think
I took a huge bath on meta calls today.
I was still way ahead year today meta
trading by a factor of four and I'm
still up on my high goal for this month
stock sale and puts
cash P&amp;L. Well, they went up a lot meta,
so you have to be a little cautious
there. I'm strategically very bullish on
meta
because they have a lot of catch up to
do.
Why did you take a bath on your calls
today? It's not that bad. What did you
do?
Bring in the femots. Well, we're all
waiting for that. Let's see what happens
with the femots. Guest estimates on
capability. What work will it replace? I
think it goes first into repetitive
factory work, but I think the household
thing will be huge because everyone
wants one. The household thing is so big
because you can sell you can sell
millions before they even work because
there are enough people who want that
thing just for show.
Don't underestimate that.
Hello from Sunny Algava, Portugal. Wish
I had more money to buy Tesla. I'm not
confident my leap strategy.
Well, depends on your exact leap
strategy.
Chinese are already working on them.
Would you want the chest mounted
weaponry from Austin Powers? Exactly.
Street Grade Zero. Skynet would be
awesome. We will get Skynet soon enough.
Changing to Poom Peter Mountain. ASI is
coming whether you have hate it or not.
I don't hate it. I just want to not die.
How do you propose to stop someone in an
basement or China or the ISGC?
I think Peter Mountain
that your concern about the stage
basement is actually the number one
concern because I know exactly what you
would need to build and it's much more
likely to come out of than of China. The
IRGC is not going to invent something
like this. This requires out ofthe-box
thinking
and theas are much more likely to do
that as we have seen
with open claw.
So yeah, I mean there are many problems.
I'm not I'm just not a doomer. I'm just
not a general doomer. I'm just pointing
out a fact, right? It's like saying, oh,
I'm what I'm saying is if a moonsized
asteroid hits Earth, we are dead. That
doesn't mean I'm a doomer. is just
pointing something out because a lot of
people seem to assume no it's no problem
the moon is going to hit the earth we're
going to be fine I'm just going to you
know go on an island like bro the island
is not going to save you that's all I'm
saying so therefore we should avoid it
if you don't avoid it we dead that's all
I'm saying we will avoid it I will take
care we avoid it with the pioneers as
soon as governments realize how
important optimism will be for the
economy they will tax it massively
depends on the government, but some
will.
Guys, how do you think we can use an
Optimus robot to make us money? Well,
Jordan Heckler, by buying Tesla shares
at the right moment. That's my favorite
way of making money. Predict the future,
convert it into share prices, do
tactical moves, and win.
Then, of course, there are other ways of
of buying Optimus and so on. But I think
that's the best that's the most fun.
What do we have here? Let's go back to
our beautiful Optimus.
Uh, will the Chinese overtake Tesla's
Optimus in the future? Well, the Chinese
are very cutting edge, but I think
they're missing out on some important
pieces. Street Crate Zero says,
"Military humanoids, robot dogs with
axial rifles.
If they can move slowly with little
thermal signature, I equipped robot dogs
will outclass human soldiers. Humans
stand out in IR like beacons."
Huh, interesting point.
Uh, machine gun dogs.
I mean, war scenarios might be actually
different. You know, it might be the
humanoid for might not be the ideal one.
I'm not going to buy an Optimus every
two years, maybe five years. Well,
depends.
Ilkidos says, "Hi Joe, do you think
Europe will adopt Optimus easily or
there will be a lot of hiccups with the
regulation and bureaucracy like with
FSD?" I mean, it depends if the EU still
exists when this thing scales in 2029.
Of course, they're going to try to stop
everything, but the EU is not going to
be there much longer. That's my take.
You see what's going on in Germany. It's
called the end of the EU is in
preparation.
That's why we have to follow politics.
This has enormous ripple effects. The
whole thing people are extremely done
with this whole thing. Optimus V3 maybe
like FSD version 11.
That's a good comparison.
I agree to some extent. Will you play
Roadster Unveil?
Probably not. I don't think there will
be huge movements in the stock because
of that. It's just not relevant.
Big fan number one from Paulo Alto.
Hello. Sometimes I miss Paulo Alto even
though it's weird sometimes but
uh Cooper Coffee. Exactly. They have
great tea.
Breakthrough 380 then jumps to next
level 425. I think we are getting very
close to this catch up. Hello from
Belgium. Thank you to be thanks
to be you when you're on Herbert's show.
I like him too, but sometimes he's
really a fan of Elon. And you put always
this church on the center of the
village. That helps us. Thanks. Well,
yes,
I'm trying to be the voice of reason. I
am a strategic supporter of Elon, but
you have to be cautious to not just be a
fan. Elon often says things that are
just not correct. Sometimes he's a
genius and sometimes he's just not
thinking things through because they're
not that important to him. So, for
example, when he says, "Oh, we can like
fix AI, protect us from AI by making it
truth seeeking." Like, that's literally
the dumbest thing I've ever heard.
Sorry, Elon. And Elon knows it, by the
way. I mean, truth seeeking, what does
that have to do with anything? Of
course, Elon is right. If the AI is not
truth seeeking, this is even worse. But
that doesn't mean a truth seeeking AI
gives us any kind of advantage in the
extreme ASI case.
Will Germany ever start building robots
and overtake Chinese? They were once the
best. Well, Germany is right now knocked
out. They first need a new government.
They need a new political culture. They
need all these things because all the
smart Germans are just leaving or
refusing to work
like me. like you know I'm refusing to
work for Germany and I left you you
can't have a hole like this like
Germany right now you have a tremendous
you have infinite potential in Germany
still but it's also completely
inactivated
deactivated so Germany has to go through
a political change of massive
proportions
uh this has nothing that's what people
don't understand it's like Sweden for
example like these countries just
voluntarily drop out of the race. Uh
that's what Americans don't understand.
That's what Chinese don't understand.
They say like, "Oh, Germany should do
this and that. They need cheaper
energy." Like no, this it's all of that
plays no role in Germany. And the same
is true with some other European
countries. France, for example, not as
extreme as Germany, but Sweden is for
sure as extreme as Germany. These people
have checked out, right? They say, "We
don't care. We simply don't care. We
don't want to win.
There's no need to win with that
attitude. You're not going to win. The
first and most important thing is you
want you need to want to win or at least
participate. And these countries don't
want to participate because the culture
is broken fundamentally broken. The is
pretty core
you know and uh of course these
countries have enormous capabilities if
they would get their mojo back. But that
is why you know especially Germany is
now focusing the smart people in Germany
focusing on the mojo. You have to focus
on the mojo not on some tactical stuff
building robots or something that's all
trivial if they would just want to
start. So you need to fix politics. It's
extremely important and it's hard to
understand for Americans in my opinion
because America didn't really go through
anything like that. So that's why
Americans are normally don't get that
problem. They think like oh we want to
win. What do we do? If you want to win,
let's try to win.
Right? So that's the framework which
makes sense. But it's hard for Americans
to understand what if you fundamentally
don't want to win.
Have you ever asked that question? Well,
then you have to focus on how you get
back into a mindset where you want to
win, especially as a country. Just
saying.
um
catch up SpaceX the drop will go to 135
or around 145 that's hard to predict but
I don't think it's going to go close to
135 and the drop will be shortlived
that's why I only play it today tomorrow
and Friday and then I'm out anything
short
um
don't sell spacing will be gang buster
in the future well I'm selling it I'm
short I'm shorting it effectively with
my short calls for exactly 72 hours.
That's it.
My short ends on Friday, 400 p.m. ET.
Then I wait maybe maybe I go long for
Monday and then I'm back in.
And of course, you guys have to make up
your own mind. I'm just telling you what
will happen in terms of share sale
sales. I'm not, you know, I can be
wrong. Maybe there's some overwhelming
news tomorrow and then I'm screwed. That
can totally happen. It's just not very
likely.
For the short-term expiration call
options, I would have specified by later
Friday since launch is currently set for
7:15 a.m. Do you host on time value on
the weekend though? Yes.
I hate like I would I don't
I really don't like playing long
options. I'm always short options
here. Dr.
Doctor
Furhour
AI will call us pet primitive earth toy.
That could be ESI. You mean
myments have changed. I now think Robo
taxis ramping later. So 2020 will be the
ramp. 2028 will be the stock surge in
price. No, the surge in stock price will
go parallel or slightly before the ramp.
That's what I'm pretty sure of. But when
the ramp will be will we will see. We
will see. I would rather pay Optimus
lease than pay my local maid for 100
months and they don't do a good job. I
can compel Optimus to work all day.
Yes. I mean this whole local mate
situation I agree very very troublesome.
2030 Tesla SpaceX will head into orbit
and stock prices going up. Well before
that I think any risk of another company
releasing a robot for homes and taking
all the novelty or making Optimus not
that interesting when it gets released.
Of course, there's a risk uh but not if
Optimus gets released next year because
no one is going to be able to frontr run
this globally so strongly.
You know, if Tesla lacks a year, then we
are talking about a problem. But if
Tesla comes in six months after figure
one or something, no one cares in my
opinion. They just just can't miss it
for too long. And it's very clear that
2027 will be the year of the human
robot. There will be multiple very
compelling products on the market next
year.
latest in the second half of next year.
That means Tesla has to release
something by the end of next year. And I
think they will probably release
something in Q2.
I don't know if it's for homes then, but
then for homes very quickly thereafter
because you're right. Otherwise, they
have a problem. The reval of Optimus
says Jason Price is in the AI neural net
can move smoothly and autonomously
complete work with a set of generic
skills. Healthcare is currently an
enormous cost and because high skills
healthcare is a little tricky.
I have $3,000 shares of Tesla. Is that
enough for 60 year old looking to retire
someday? Self-employed in great shape
and love my work and soon rush but would
like to go on vacations more. Well,
3,206
shares that should be very good for you.
You have to be a little patient to
really squeeze the juice. But I think by
2030 or 2029, like three years from now,
I'm pretty sure you will be happy.
3,200 shares could make you reasonably
rich.
Just don't sell them too early.
Uh when will we see the next three for
one or will it be a merger and then
three for one in 2032? No, I think 341
we will definitely see soon. We will see
341 when they go over a thousand.
So latest in 2028 in my opinion.
Would you buy it as a chair before after
a roadster reveal? I think that's
irrelevant.
I've already retired through income
options trading. Nice. Take Nicholas
Gibbs course. It's for people like us.
Investing against the grain YouTube
channel. I think Nicholas is smart.
Yeah, I didn't look at the course, but
I'm sure it's smart. Options are like,
you know,
dangerous, but a this is the magic tool.
I have an options course two coming out.
We already like this. We have recorded
now three courses, three lessons, and
we'll have five by next week, and they
will be all live on Pioneer Academy,
pioneerens.org.
I think they're pretty good.
Does it make sense to buy SpaceX at all
when we expect a premium for Tesla to
vote for a merger? Wouldn't it make more
sense to buy Tesla then?
I think that's a reasonable thing. I'm
just treating them separately. I
wouldn't overestimate this merger thing.
Uh I think Tesla is more attractive. I'm
much much more in Tesla. Uh but I'm
playing SpaceX tactically right now.
Does anyone believe the ARC estimate of
2,600 per share? I have a $4,000 price
target on them for 2030.
A big fan. Oh, wow. Koopa Cafe, what are
you doing so close there? Well, I like
Koopa Cafe. I lived in Menllo Park.
I lived in Menlo Park.
What was the name?
Oak Place. Oak Place. Something Oak
Place. Uh, not too far from University
Avenue.
I've been telling people for over a
year, we need to get to V15 to really be
at a level to matter. Maybe you're
right, Michael, but version 15 is in
full swing.
Uh, Petty Irishman says, "Yo, don't you
think that's why the European Union
keeps banging the war drums about Russia
to try and deflect from the fact that
the US EU is falling apart? Of course."
Duh. That's why we need a war.
These people are completely finished.
Merron,
they are super finished, but they're
trying to pull off a war. Let's see. I
hope they will not succeed, obviously.
Do you think the roadster demo will hike
Tesla past 400? I don't know.
Germany had Kucker, but it was sold to
Chinese. It was also the other thing was
sold to Tesla. Elon B, one of the best
German robotics companies to put it into
Tesla production.
Jeff Jones Jr. says, "I enjoy your
content." Thank you. I appreciate it.
Thanks for being here.
Uh, Gurus Winkle, what's my academic
background? I'm an economist. I also
studied rhetorics which is actually
closer to philosophy than communication
uh and psychology
but mainly economics.
Uh will the Tesla stock go down a bit?
18th October and the negative
documentary of Elen was like this is a
joke. I
who knows who knows people are weird but
this ridiculous stuff I can't even
believe this.
Michael Swanson, Europe is a wonderful
region. They've lost their cultural
values. Outside countries are putting
pressure for politics to come around.
Yes, I think I think the EU is a
function of Germany more or less and
Germany has a turnaround right now. I
see it on the ground. This is very
serious what's happening. Future
scenario, Germany fails to be in the age
of abundance. The humanoid robots arrive
and Germans think these guys are too
emotional and chaotic. Very funny.
should get zero is right. You should
write a book. Denmark figured it out.
That is true. The Danish have finally
figured it out. They are one of the
first little countries to figure it out.
I'll play the waiting game till March or
April of 2027 to get SpaceX at a good
price.
That makes sense.
24 billion miles FSD miles on the Tesla
website. How did this happen? Really?
supervised MS. Yeah. Why not long
options? If you know resistance levels,
just go through two to three levels
higher than sport. If you have shares or
long calls, you're leaving cash on the
table. Are your calls always naked or I
am nearly always doing well, I do
vertical spreads, but more for margin
reasons to get more, you know, exposure.
I'm always short calls and short puts.
This is just the best. That's my
specialty. Just have to be a little
cautious, but you always make money. I
love it. I only I like No, long options
is like so bad.
Uh you need a totally different trading
style from me because I'm more like a
sniper, an alligator. I see something, I
develop a conviction. I want to be in
the market long and just squeeze it out
and be right. If you are long options,
you have to be like on cocaine all day
long. You're like, "Oh, in and out and
in and out." And you're always putting
the odds against you. You always have to
be completely right. I just have to be
not completely wrong.
That's the advantage of short options.
Uh, okay. We have to wrap it up here.
Dominic says, "Hey Joe, when is the next
time to buy Tesla and SpaceX?" I'm short
SpaceX until Friday 400 p.m. Then long
again. Tesla, now is the time to be
long.
Uh Jeff Jones not financial. I think we
are seeing something less common with
Tesla right now. Slow bleed up after
rapid decline.
Yes, we are way too low.
Um
and we have to wrap it up now guys.
found you recently learning a lot from
you and your Herbert group. Germans
products are very wellm made precise
engineering. That is true.
Okay guys, let's wrap it up. Thanks for
joining. Uh we will have some very cool
SpaceX coverage coming over the next
couple of days because a lot of things
are happening. Uh and uh yeah, tomorrow
we will cover flight 14,
the famous flight 14 that is coming up
for SpaceX, which is a very important
flight. And then we will cover the bank
saying that it will cost $170 billion
per gigawatt in space, which is the
dumbest thing I've ever heard. And we
will have a fullblown model to show you
what the real costs are. That will be a
lot of fun and the model will be on pine
lens.
So, thanks. Oh, someone was asking for
my Yes, I'm German. I'm also a little
bit other things, but I'm German. I'm a
quarter Prussian
uh and a quarter Rinlander.
Uh but
we have to go.
So, thanks everyone for joining. Uh,
this will be exciting the coming days
about SpaceX. We will watch Tesla. One
last look at the stock just for fun.
Where are we at? Is SpaceX dropping
more? Making me money? Yes, Tesla
stable. I mean, I totally nailed it
today, but I don't want to jinx it.
Let's see.
Very good. Thank you so much and see you
very soon. Next live show is on Sunday.
I should preschedule it so all you guys
can actually see it everywhere. Thank
you so much