Channel:     farzad-fm
Title:       INTERNET BREAKS w/ Elon Musk Speech at G20
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inEO2FaU20E
Published:   2026-09-01 16:35 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-01 17:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

So thank you Elon for for joining us.
What in your opinion separates countries
where innovators can successfully turn
breakthroughs into deployed technologies
from those where where progress actually
stalls because I think there's a lot of
lessons learned about what people
governments should be doing and what
maybe they they shouldn't be. Well,
yeah. I I think a lot of people have
talked about this and I think some of it
frankly is is is pretty straightforward
is that you you have to have an
environment that's relatively free of
regulation. Meaning that new things must
be default legal as opposed to default
illegal. So in in the EU for example, we
find that there the regulation level is
extraordinarily high and things are
generally default illegal and this
inhibits progress of new technologies.
It's it slows it down. doesn't it
doesn't ultimately stop it, but it slows
it down quite considerably. Of course,
you need to have a you need to have
venture capitalists and an environment
that is supportive of new companies. You
can think of new companies like little
like they're like small saplings in a
forest. So what most countries tend to
do is they tend to provide too much
support to the large existing trees in
the forest and not enough to the small
saplings. But the large trees don't need
the support. It's the small saplings
that do the startups.
And so the system should be generally
biased towards supporting the small the
small trees as opposed to the large
ones. But that is rarely the case
because the the the large companies have
access to usually they have to foster
the the growth of young companies and
take active steps in that regard and
like I said make things default legal
not default illegal.
&gt;&gt; One question that a lot of the countries
here face is a question around adoption.
I think there's a general recognition
that adopting emerging technologies can
be very beneficial to economic growth no
matter what sort of shape size of any
country is. How do you think about
adoption? What should countries be doing
to encourage adoption? Does it go back
to the same sort of regulatory
structures or how do you think about
adoption as a key driver for growth?
Yeah, I think you want to have a lean
forward try new technologies approach to
new technologies otherwise as opposed to
be somewhat stuck in the past.
Naturally, new technologies need need to
be need some encouragement and and I I
think should be embraced. We are going
to see and are seeing in fact
significant productivity gains from
artificial intelligence and and we'll
see very dramatic gains in productivity
from robotics. Things like with Tesla
self-driving car is going to be a
tremendous boon or is a tre tremendous
already to users and and I think
humanoid robotics will be just an
incredible change. I I think just to
give you some sense of scale here, I
think AI will probably
increase the global
economy by 20 to 30%. That's my rough
rough estimate. Meaning on the order of
20 to30 trillion per year
and and AI will be able to do anything
digital, anything that does not require
shaping of atoms by hand probably by the
end of next year. So, as as I'm sure
people know, AI is already like inc
incredibly good at software.
And it it's getting to the point where
AI won't just be good at software. It'll
be what I call Stockfish level good. So,
Stockfish is a chess program that can
beat the world's best chess players very
easily. In fact, at this point, you
could run Stockfish on your phone and
beat Magnus Collison at chess. And
somehat next year is my prediction.
software will be so good, AI software
will be so good that it will be
Stockfish level good. Meaning that it is
impossible for a human to compete in
writing software with AI but like AI
will just crush all humans at software
and I think it will it will be extremely
good possibly
stock level but certainly extremely good
at all forms of engineering and anything
digital literally in 12 to 18 months.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Just one one more thing that the the so
20 30% increase of total global economy.
So this is quite a lot of prosperity
we're talking about here just just from
digital AI but from robotics from from
humanoid you know basically think of it
like a general purpose robot robot AI I
think we'll see many multiples of the
global economy meaning like you you can
increase the economy by a factor of 10
or more.
These are mindboggling numbers. I mean
one of the stats we gave to the group
here was that in the four years since
sort of chat GPT was launched think we
there's you know over a billion people
around the world already using AI. I
guess the question to you is I a lot of
people think about sort of the the next
chapter being in this sort of applied or
or sort of physical AI. Where where do
you see sort of robotics trending? How
quickly is it going to be implemented? I
think I remember in the first Trump
administration we were talking about
sort of automated factories and now
we're 10 years later. And so how how
quickly do you think these changes are
happening in the sort of physical AI
world?
&gt;&gt; Anything physical always takes longer
than anything which is digital. Digital,
you know, it's when you solve something
digitally, it's just software that you
can easily copy across other other
computers. When it's physical, you've
got to build up an entire massive supply
chain. You've got to move a lot of lot
of atoms and and supply chains are very
much global at this point. So that's why
it takes longer. Nonetheless, when you
think of humanoid robotics, the way the
way to think about I I think the right
framework is to consider that the
usefulness of a humanoid robot, a
general purpose robot, is going to be
roughly the digital the the AI software,
how how good is the AI software times
how good is the AI chip in the robot
times how good is the electromechanical
dexterity, especially of the hands. Now
all three of those things are improving
exponentially and the usefulness of the
robot is those three things multiplied
by each other. Then when you make the
robots the robots will start
manufacturing the robots. So you get a
recursive effect. So it starts off very
slowly but then it grows at an explosive
rate. So if you say like 10 years from
now I would say there are well over a
billion humanoid robots.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; And the productivity per robot will be
probably five times that of a human.
meaning that the productivity in 10
years of humanoid robots and I think
this is a conservative estimate by the
way. This is this is one I I would be
willing to to put serious money betting
on that there will be at least a billion
robots in 10 years and that those robots
will be at least five times the output
of a human. Meaning the the the billion
humanoid robots will will be more
productive than all humans combined.
Shifting gears just a little bit to to
to a question that's kind of facing the
US today. You data centers have been a
big political issue over the over the
last 6 to8 months here in the United
States. And I think there's a general
understanding that in order to to drive
and power the the the AI revolution
that's coming, we need to have the the
electricity and the data center compute
capacity to to do the training and the
inference of of all this AI. How do you
think about this particular issue? Where
are we on the curve? How much we built
versus how much we need? And as
government leaders here think about how
to prepare their economies and build the
right power and data infrastructure, how
should they be thinking about where
compute and power needs are going to be
in the next few years?
&gt;&gt; Well, there actually is a quite a crisis
of power. So the this this is a in fact
this is something if if you just if you
just sort of follow the AI topic on the
X platform um which by the way is is
where almost all of the AI discourse
takes place. Um you I think you get a
very good sense for where things are
headed. Um so that's how that's how I
get my news and it's it's incredibly
good. Everyone who's anyone in AI posts
on X. Um so so so that's why I'd
recommend like just just just go on the
AI AI AI topic on X and you'll you'll
understand all these these things and
get a a day dayby-day account of things
and what the consensus is at this point
is that there will be a significant
power shortfall next year. There's
expected to be I believe the consensus
estimate among analysts that follows the
AI space very closely is that there will
be at least a 15 gawatt shortfall of
power in 2027 for AI chips. So this is
perhaps an obvious thing that one would
expect to occur because the rate at
which AI chips is being produced is is
has been rising incredibly rapidly.
They're sort of rising on the order of
40 40 to 50% a year. But the but the
power available outside of China has
been rising at like 10 to 20% a year. So
obviously the the faster rising thing
will will eventually overwhelm the
slower rising thing. So there in fact
even I'd say at this point there there
there are challenges with power even
before next year which is why Google and
Anthropic and many other companies are
actually leasing compute from SpaceX
because we've been able to turn on AI
better than anyone else so far. But this
is by constructing our own power plants
is the only way we were able to do it.
So now China does have a tremendous
amount of electricity but uh due to GPU
export bands one cannot you know
establish data centers with the latest
chips in China. So so but so really the
consideration is what sort of
electricity growth is there outside of
China and that is currently a
significant shortfall relative to AI
chip production. So there is this
creates an opportunity I think for
countries around the world just to to
sort of if they're interested in AI data
centers to construct a lot of power and
offer that to AI companies and in
exchange of course these AI data centers
would be would be taxed and and have to
pay you know reasonable fees and stuff
&gt;&gt; but it does create an opportunity for
for a lot of countries.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Well thank you so much for
your time. It meant a lot that you could
join us here and really appreciate it.
&gt;&gt; You're most welcome. Thank you. Now
we'll be hearing from David Saxs as a
former White House AISAR and my co-chair
on the President's Council of Adviserss
for Science and Technology. He's a
successful investor and I think David
understands intimately the importance of
regulatory clarity and certainty for the
development of new industries built on
on emerging technologies.
&gt;&gt; Amazing. Great to see you, David. How
are you?
&gt;&gt; Good. Good to be here.
&gt;&gt; We're excited to to have you here. I
think you and I have worked together for
a while now on on ensuring that the US
can continue to be a home of great
innovation, technological discovery. The
opening question for you and just to set
the stage a little, the core theme that
the president is driving for G20 as a
return to growth and how all of us as
G20 economies can think about growth as
a northstar and particularly for this
meeting, how technology can be a driver
of that growth. When you think about the
the policy conditions that need to be in
place to allow innovators to innovate,
to invest, to experiment, to bring new
technologies to market, how should all
of these ministers here be thinking
about that? What are the types of
regulatory conditions we should have in
place in our in our countries?
&gt;&gt; Well, first of all, we do have a AI boom
going on in the United States. The AI
boom is already here and I think this is
a very positive thing. It's something
that we should be trying to nurture as
opposed to hamstring. A couple of quick
numbers on this is that roughly $800
billion is being invested in the US this
year on capex related to building out
the infrastructure for AI, the compute
capacity. That number is expected to be
$1.4 trillion
next year. And every time I see the
numbers, they keep getting revised up.
We really haven't seen a buildout of
this kind of infrastructure. You have to
go all the way back to the railroads in
the 1800s to to see something of of
equal scale. It's actually even bigger
than the fiber buildout of the internet.
It's it's a it's a new industrial
revolution. And I think that if we
harness this correctly, it's an
opportunity for for the US to to
re-industrialize to upgrade its power
grid to bring back some some
manufacturing in these cutting edge
areas which has been a priority of
President Trump. all the other countries
of the world can benefit as well if they
if they lean into it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think one of the things that
that is is covered in our in our
Carolina principles is thinking about
the the the policy environment that we
can set up to support support
innovation. And I think we have quite a
diverse set of members in the G20 who
think about sort of how to approach
regulation in in kind of unique ways
that can can ultimately support their
people. When you think about kind of you
know how how as as tech ministers we
should be thinking about sort of the the
regulatory construct. Are there general
sort of lessons in the types of things
we we should be thinking that the
government should be working more on or
less or what is your general advice on
or thoughts on on broad tech tech
regulation?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think when we talk about AI
regulation, we should just first
understand that we're not bereft of
regulation in in this area. I mean the
you know you hear a lot the demands that
we have to regulate AI, we have to
regulate AI. Look, there's already a lot
of laws that apply to to AI. So if if
you talk about harms like fraud or
discrimination or privacy violations,
defective products, copyright
infringement, non-consentual imagery,
you know, and many other types of harms.
They're already illegal under existing
statutes in the United States, and I'm
sure there are similar types of laws in
in other countries. So we already think
there's a lot of laws that apply to AI
and if we're going to build on them, we
should try to build on the laws and
regulatory agencies that we already
have. So for example, greater
transparency, disclosures, audits,
things like that might be a good idea.
We also have antitrust law to prevent
anti-competitive behavior by monopolies
or duopolies. I think it's a little
early in the development of this market
to say that that is the current
situation, but we do know that
technology markets sometimes have a
tendency to monopolize or become
duopolies. And if that does happen, we
have tools again to prevent
anti-competitive behavior. So there's
already I think a thicket of laws that
apply to AI. the the the one approach
that I think we would really oppose that
we think would be a disaster for us in
the US is is the so-called FDA for for
AI where you model a new approval
process for AI models after what the FDA
has for drugs or what the FAA in the US
has for you know airplanes. The issue
there is that you know new drugs or
airplanes take years to get approved. I
mean sometimes it's like five years
plus. Whereas if you're talking about
the AI industry, the AI companies are
rolling out new models every two months.
It's just too dynamic and fastm moving
for for that type of of approach. I
don't think we want to hamstring our
innovation that way. I think, you know,
I kind of called it I don't know if the
minister will know what our DMV is, but
it's our department of motor vehicles
and it's kind of notorious in the US for
taking a long time and, you know, when
you go to get your driver's license or
something like that. And I I think that
any new regulatory agency that has to
approve AI product releases will become
like a DMV for AI where, you know, new
models get stuck in a long queue waiting
for approval. Uh just one final point on
this is you know a lot of people wonder
what is the secret sauce behind Silicon
Valley? What has made this such a crown
jewel of the American economy? And if I
had to boil it down to one principle, it
would be permissionless innovation. That
is really the principle that's made
Silicon Valley so successful is that you
can have that founder who's a college
dropout who just creates their product
in a dorm room or you take the two
founders, you know, they could be PhD
students who build their product in a
garage. You know, you know, two trillion
dollar companies were founded this way.
You had Meta and then you had Google.
And if those founders had to go to
Washington to get approval for their
products, I just don't know that those
founders would have been able to
navigate that that the sort of
bureaucratic maze to get their products
approved. So this idea of just allowing
it innovation to happen and then we
regulate it later once it becomes more
successful, I think that that really has
been fundamental to to Silicon Valley
success and I'd hate to see us lose
that, you know, through through some
sort of pre-approval approach.
Absolutely. I think the one one last
question for you is, you know, we we
heard from Elon just before you and and
asked him about sort of the the the data
center and power needs that are going to
are coming our way both in the US and
globally to power the AI revolution. And
I know you you have sort of thought a
lot about this this data center issue in
the United States. President Trump put
out a statement yesterday on on data
centers as well. I'd love your thoughts
and to this group on advice as they
think about this buildout in the best
way to be able to provide the
infrastructure that we need for AI but
also do so in a way where we can bring
communities along. So how do you think
about this data center issue both US and
globally?
&gt;&gt; Well, this is certainly a hot topic
today. Let me just make a couple of
points about this. So you know echoing
what President Trump said. So here are
some facts about it that data centers if
done right they bring electricity costs
down not up because the AI companies
will generate net new power generation.
That's really the key is obviously if
you make the AI companies compete for
power or electricity with local
residents and just plug into the grid
that could cause electricity prices to
go up. But if you allow them to generate
their own power, then they will not only
generate what they need and they can do
that so-called behind the meter, but
they can actually contribute the excess
back to the grid and that brings
electricity cost down. It also provides
the sponsorship to make long needed grid
upgrades. So, it provides the investment
to do that. I think that again, if done
right, what we're seeing is that local
communities benefit from these data
centers. We're seeing hundreds of
thousands of new construction and
skilled trade jobs as a result of them.
And we're seeing that counties that
embrace data centers are seeing reduced
property taxes. For example, residents
of of Lon County and Virginia and the US
are paying $6,000 less on average in
property taxes because they have the AI
companies picking up that that tab. Now,
just one one last point on this is that
even though I think the administration
has pointed out and President Trump has
pointed out the ways in which data
centers could be a very good deal for
local communities, we haven't done
anything to try and force local
communities to accept data centers they
don't want. I think I'm seeing some fake
news around this, Michael, as you know,
because we worked on our national AI
policy framework and then the president
signed an executive order in December of
last year. The president expressly said
in his executive order that we would
not, the federal government should not
preempt the decision of states with
respect to data centers. It is
fundamentally a local decision and we
respect that and have done nothing to
change that even though we do think that
ultimately that there is a good deal to
be had there for local communities if
they lean into it. Well,
&gt;&gt; thank you so much for your time and
means a lot that you could join us
today. Really appreciate it, David.
&gt;&gt; Thanks for having me.
&gt;&gt; Thanks. And for our last speaker, it is
my privilege to introduce Bob Mumgard.
As the co-founder and chief executive
officer of Commonwealth Fusion Systems,
the world's largest fusion energy
company, Dr. Mumgard is the perfect
person to talk to about the full life
cycle of emerging technologies and
moving innovation from experiments in
the laboratory to commercialization and
world transformation. So, thank you
much. Thank you so much for joining us,
Dr. Mumgard.
Thank you very much, Dr. Kasios.
&gt;&gt; Well, in in the Carolina principles that
the G20 nations have have agreed to, we
outline how governments can accelerate
the development of emerging
technologies. And I think what's so
unique about your technology is it's
something that years ago there wasn't a
lot of private sector investment in it.
And how do you see the you know policy
decisions in the US or the policy
environment here have allowed you to
raise capital to build and to ultimately
develop fusion tech
&gt;&gt; right so you know fusion techch it
doesn't suffer from a a market pull
issue in in the future we know that
intelligence and energy are the drivers
of the economy so there's plenty of
people that want advanced energy
technologies those markets are well
established but the barrier to creating
products in those markets is how do you
take deep science? How do you couple
that with capital? How do you put that
into organizations that can both, you
know, stay true to that science, build
on it, scale, and get to the point where
they can demonstrate meaningful results
and eventually a product. These products
are billion-dollar level products. These
are not consumer grade or software
products. As Elon said, moving atoms is
very, very different than moving bits.
And moving atoms at a 100 million
degrees is different than just moving
atoms. And so that requires a a really
really well-tuned innovation
environment. You have to have the
capital sources. You have to have the
scientific expertise. Then you also have
to have the glue that the government can
provide to string that together. So in
the fusion industry today, there's over
50 companies and over 14 billion of
private investment. If you go back 10
years ago, that did not exist at all.
And CFS were the largest of those about
$4 billion. and we're building, you
know, a facility outside of Boston that
in the previous generation would have
been like a Manhattan project government
size facility. The reason that's been
able to happen is because the government
has been a a partner in this, not a
restraint. And so, a couple examples,
one on the regulatory side, what is how
do you license a fusion power plant?
That was four years ago a completely un
untested question. That would have been
wrong because we don't know what this
technology is. We don't know the issues
at the detailed level, but we do know
enough to protect the public. So
instead, what we said was in the United
States, in the UK, let's look at the
hazards. Let's take the closest relevant
example that already exists, in our
case, particle accelerators, and make
sure that fusion fits in there and
provide the certainty that regulation is
not going to stop this at the infant at
the early stage. we're going to have
enough room to be able to get the first
products out. And that gave the
certainty to investors to put billions
of dollars into this by removing a
obstacle that everyone has seen and
advanced new technologies before.
Another piece of this was taking the
existing publicly funded research that
has built up expertise and finding ways
to partner with that between the private
and public sector. It would been easy to
say, well, the government should go and
build the first generation of power
plants. But that's a path to nowhere.
Those power plants and never make it to
the market. Instead, we can say, let's
take the expertise that's been
developed, and let's do public private
partnerships, provide access to that
expertise in ways that preserve
intellectual property so that companies
can form and build on top of that. Let's
make it so that the capital some help
for the earliest ideas can flow into the
bigger ideas that can attract then
additional private capital on top of
public capital and that bootstraps up
almost all the US fusion companies.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Know I think that's a really great
point. And I think one that that you
know we stress a lot that as these new
technologies start to be commercialized.
The knee-jerk reaction of regulators
should not be to create entirely new
constructs for regulating them but to
think very carefully of sort of what
regulations are already on the books
that can apply to that particular
technology first. And I think David made
that point. I think Elon to to some
degree made it. I guess maybe the the
last question for you and I think
something that that I think we're all
curious about is is timelines. I think
with Fusion, that's always been the been
the question historically. We've had two
important conversations with David and
Elon about how important power is going
to be for the AI revolution that is here
and is only going to be accelerating in
the years ahead. Obviously, having
fusion as part of the energy mix would
be one of the greatest unlocks in human
history. So, all of us are eagerly
awaiting the commercialization. So, how
do you think about it and when do you
see sort of the real impact happening on
our grid? Well, you know, the first is
to avoid the fallacy that that passes
prologue. So, we're dealing with a
situation today in fusion, but other
advances of physical technologies where
the tool set that's available to the
innovator is just so much broader and
deeper than it was even 5 years ago. And
so when we look at what we can do with
the large scale compute, with AI, with
advanced materials, but also what we can
do with like how we organize ourselves,
what who all do you pull into the tent?
What's their previous experience? How
have they been trained? That's a whole
new generation of people. Now, you put
those two together, we're seeing that
you can drastically accelerate things
that we used to think took a long time.
We saw that, of course, first in
software. We're seeing it now in large
scale compute and AI. things that even
six years ago we thought were a long way
off. And so we shouldn't deceive
ourselves into thinking that things have
to go slow. Now when we look at the the
timelines that are happening, it's
basically how fast can you build things.
So we are building just finishing up
this facility in Massachusetts where
we're getting ready to start the first
commercial power plant construction in
Virginia just up the road from you. And
so that could put fusion on the grid in
the early 2030s. There's a lot of
technology that has to be worked out as
we go, but the tool set is is well
adapted to that technology. If we plan
for a longer horizon, so say fusion is
not going to be here to the 50s, like
we're not going to go faster. We're
going to make it happen in the ' 50s.
So, we should plan for the most
aggressive speed we can do and bring all
the tools to bear on that. And I think
the US has done a good model of that.
And it's a it's an example around the
world where we're seeing countries
shorten up their timelines for fusion,
you know, systematically year-over-year
as they see the the progress primarily
happen in the United States.
&gt;&gt; I I think it's been incredible to see
and the amount of private sector
investment in in the industry has has
been unbelievable. And I think for any
of you who have extra time in in in the
United States, I I I highly recommend
you you come you go visit you go visit
Bob outside of B. It's truly truly
incredible what what is being built by
by our private sector. So, thank you so
much for your time. It means a lot that
you could join us here today.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. So, I think we're going to
let the press flow out and then we can
have our close press discussion as a