Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       EXCLUSIVE: This Is Tesla’s Full Robotaxi Master Plan
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDOLXgmgoUg
Published:   2026-09-04 07:20 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-04 08:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Are you ready?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, the future has arrived.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Welcome to the launch of a product and a
technology that will transcend
generations.
We are thrilled to have you here today
to experience CyberCap. I'm Eric Early,
lead engineer for THE PRODUCT.
I'M SILIO. I head software.
&gt;&gt; My name is Ian. I'm the design manager
for Cyberat.
I'm sure they
&gt;&gt; So the cyber car, it's the future for
transportation. Safer than a human
driver, low cost, on demand, accessible,
and exceptionally enjoyable. We always
promise amazing abundance, and this is
it. We made a car that looks like the
future designed and optimized around the
passenger. And to be fair, we are
probably the only people that can do it.
We know how to do cars, manufacturing,
software, and integrate it all into one.
Cyber Cab gives you back more time in
your life. More time for productivity,
more time with loved ones, more time for
entertainment. It really is a firstass
experience at coach price. This will be
the most affordable option.
Democratizing clean safe transport for
all.
&gt;&gt; The cyber gap will not happen overnight.
In fact, we started this program for
self-driving 12 years ago uh with the
one goal of building the safest and the
most affordable scalable solution that
ever was for self pressure. But along
the way you know every expert expert in
the field has told us that you cannot
build a safe self-driving vehicle with
just cameras. They said you needed
light, you needed radars, you need HD
maps and everything else to drive the
car safely. We at Tesla have never been
to this. We always thought the core
issue for self-driving is one of
intelligence. You need to understand
what is going on. You need to predict
what is going to happen in the future.
And no sensor on earth is going to tell
you what's going to happen in the
future. It is something an intelligent
agent is going to have to figure out
what is going to happen in the future
and act accordingly to achieve the
safety.
That is why we have bet on a AI first
end to end driving stack that takes in
camera images from all around the car
constantly paying attention and is
solving for one thing which is driving
you saving.
How do we know this is possible? Because
humans drive around all day long using
cameras. It is not something that we
invented. It's already there. We just
needed to find a way to put it in a
digital computer. And that's what uh we
believe we have built. Now we have the
cyber cap which is going to be extremely
affordable. It's going to be an
extremely safe product that everyone can
use. Uh and this comes from the initial
design decision of going with this
affordable and scalable solution from
the beginning. Uh and
I think we are there now. Uh
as a testament to the safety I am happy
to announce that we have achieved 1
million miles of unsupervised robot taxi
operation.
&gt;&gt; Now how did we achieve this like why is
this possible?
Firstly in part it's all thanks to you
guys. You guys drive Teslas. Uh data
that you provide on how to drive safely
is helping us train the system. Our
model has seen more than a thousand
lifetimes of experience. Every corner
case that someone comes up with. Okay,
I've seen that. I've seen it four four
times. Yeah, he's going to talk.
Someone's going to cut here. It has seen
every freaking case. And that's why it's
so good. So in the cyber cap you feel
like you're in a spot of safety as
you're being transported from one place
to a different location. Uh and you
don't give anything about what is
happening outside. Everything is taken
by taken care by the car itself. In fact
you can't do anything because
yeah one road like even today morning I
was taking a ride in the robo taxi uh
and the car just smoothly for a elderly
person who was trying to cross the road.
It's a highspeed road. She was pulling a
she was uh you know taking a bicycle and
crossing the road and just waited for
like 20 seconds waiting for her to cross
and then she just said thank you to me
and I was just sitting there doing
nothing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So I built the software to do one
thing which is drive you safely and
smoothly. Um it has practiced for this
this entire life is born for this. Uh
and that's that's what you will have in
here.
&gt;&gt; The active safety is obviously
revolutionary but we at Tesla take
passive safety on vehicle design uh to
the core of what we do when we develop a
concept or a product. From the very
beginning from the first sketch to the
first engineering concept in CAD to the
drawings to the products everything is
built around how do we protect people in
the car. We've proven that with the
products up to this point. Model 3,
Model Y, Cybertruck,
now CyberC. CyberC is built on
everything that we've learned since we
started many years ago to create the
safest environment, the safest pod
possible for you to enjoy and be
entertained and relax in this space.
We build the app so that you can enter
your destination and get on your way as
quickly as possible. We search for all
the vehicles that are near you,
including the ones that are actively on
our right, and we choose the one that is
going to get to you the fastest. We also
use dynamic pricing that allows us to
balance supply and demand. And as we add
more cyber caps to our network, our
average weight times are going to get
lower and lower and lower largely due to
the dynamic pricing and our pricing is
going to be very competitive.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; When the is coming to you to pick you up
is actually quite easy. It is restoring
all your settings from your cloud
accounts. It is
making the temperature in the cabin be
the one that you prefer. The seats are
going to the same position as you let
them. And the media accounts are being
restored so that you can start playing
your music or watching your movies as
soon as you get to the cyber car. As you
walk to the car, our mobile app links to
the vehicle over the local network, and
that allows you to have an extension of
the car in your hands. So, as you
recline and chill in the cyber cap, you
don't have to be reaching out for the
screen.
Um, also, as you're being picked up, you
can recognize which ride is your ride
because the front light bar is going to
have a distinct color for your ride, as
well as the internal lights of the
cabin. And uh on your mobile app, you're
going to be able to see a compass that
tells you which car is the car that is
yours.
Um we added media searching and starting
from the mobile app as well, so that you
can start your movies and your videos
and and your music directly from the
from the app. In fact, the way that we
think about the cyber path is it's a
second living room. It's a place where
you can go and relax. It is also a very
quiet and and and and intimate space
just for you. And you can choose to be
entertained or you can choose to be
productive. Um everything you can
possibly can think of doing as long as
you have your seat belts on.
Um
we added Grog which you can start by
saying hey Gro or through the mobile app
or through the screen. Uh, Grog is
integrated with many of the vehicle
functions as they are in the cars that
you drive every day. Uh, as well as some
of the right functions and we're going
to continue to integrate more and more.
So obviously with autonomy that's going
to bring transportation to many more
people. We wanted to make sure with
style it wasn't just a great pickup
experience for some but for all. So from
the very outset of the design, we worked
with various disability groups and first
responders to make sure the vehicle was
accessible as possible. There's quite a
large number of things. And just to
touch on a couple of like quite cool,
one is that we have um braille on the
doors and rail on the pullover buttons.
And you know, when you look at the
vehicle, you you see the butterfly
doors. And of course, we want to do them
because they're cool, right? Of course.
But um also it allows much greater
ingress and egress into the vehicle and
much wider opening for people to get in
and out of. So overall vehicles is far
more accessible and brings mobility to
many more people.
&gt;&gt; All right, let's talk about the vehicle
design and engineering. Obviously, this
product is unique, but it was also now
the most by far a long way the most
efficient vehicle ever produced and put
on the roadway. That's a testament to
the engine of Tesla. We've said all
along that this car is built for two
passengers. 80 plus% rides are two
passenger rides. And that is what we've
built and optimized around to ensure
that we can deliver the lowest cost
possible.
And I know it won't be asked, but the CE
coefficient of drag cyber gap is under2,
which given its size,
&gt;&gt; wow,
&gt;&gt; is quite incredible. It's one of the
most aericient cars ever created and put
on the roadways. Uh, and all that is to
lead to accessibility, affordability of
product that we will deliver.
Okay, we loves manufacturing.
&gt;&gt; Unboxed. I know not everyone knows what
unboxed is, but the the high level
summary is today vehicles are built as
bodies, complete bodies, which make
generally speaking manufacturing line
super inefficient.
Last three years we've developed a
concept which you can see right there is
incredible where the product is built in
modules and that product is cyber
we have basically created a new
revolutionary concept for manufacturing
that will take innovation and
manufacturing to the next level similar
to giga castings have over the last half
decade we've unlocked 50% reduction in
line size while increasing the output of
the line substantially
We've reduced the cycle times which we
expect to be incredibly small as we
scale to increase that production
output. And not only that, but the
unboxing process that you can see on
screen. I mean, look at this individual
here. He's literally turning an entire
module online to ensure the process is
as simple as possible for him to create
with high quality all the time.
And that's going to allow us to have
humans as well as automation working
remotely on our manufacturing mines.
Additionally, rim which is an injection
mold process that we use to create the
exterior panels of cyber cap which is
beautiful.
It is a new process never done before at
this scale. It is a way of eliminating
paint shops, high amount of emissions,
and the incredible engineering team has
figured out how to use recycled material
to create the exterior that we have. All
of this is what allows us to create the
lowest cost, most entertainingly
beautiful
products that we've ever created.
All right. So, the future future should
look like the future. The future's here
now. And in the future, there will be
millions of cyber cows everywhere. And
we've got the production line. We've got
the engineering team. We've got the
field staff team. We've got the
infrastructure. Everyone at Tesla is
ready to take Cyber Cat to the millions.
And that's what we're going to do very
very soon.
We've been testing Cyber Cap out in
Austin for the last couple weeks. We
know you know this because you date us
everywhere. You've been following us
everywhere.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I'd like to tell you that we love
it. It's we think it's an amazing
product. Everybody who's been in Cyber
Gap loves it and we think you are
actually going to love it too. That's
it. Right after this, I'm going to be
like glue to my exit to see what you all
think about it.
I mean, yeah, you know, at Tesla, we do
always say we want the future of the
future and we're lucky to work on
programs, but let us do that. And you
can have that future today with the
Sonic.
We have poured our heart and soul into
this product. The guy have worked on
this for 13 years. Many in the team have
worked their entire life, their careers
on this product. Um, we wanted to build
a safe and a smooth and affordable
system. And that's what you think we
have built now. And the cyber cam is
here. It's actually here. It's really
here.
And so without further ado, the cyber
cam now officially joins the robot
speed. Can go outside.
&gt;&gt; No. take rides. Anyone can take rides.
It's open to the entire public. And
let's go.
&gt;&gt; Thank you guys.
&gt;&gt; Okay. What do you guys think? What's
your reaction? Uh I entire public. I
thought I thought it was exclusive. I
was special.
&gt;&gt; Fantastic.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.