Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Is Quietly Building a Battery Advantage Nobody Can Match
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qt1BHUWQNjs
Published:   2026-05-30 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-30 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Giga, Texas is very exciting and we will
talk about that soon, but not today.
Today we're talking about the lithium
refinery near Corpus Christi, Texas. And
if we're going to talk about that, that
means we've got to bring on the master
himself. Yes, that's right. Joe Tegmire
is here. He is going to tell us about
what he has seen from the air, what he
knows. And he will, as always, spill the
secrets that he's not allowed to share.
He doesn't do that and I don't know if
he has any secrets about the lithium
refinery, but what he can share is his
insights and uh give us some info on
what's actually going on, why it
matters, and we're going to go through
his drone footage and take a look and
see just what is going on. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurza.
&gt;&gt; So, Joe, you just got back from Starbase
not that long ago. How many launches
have you seen now? Well, yes. I've just
got back from flight 12. So, I've been
at all 12 of them. And uh as you can see
behind me, I'm kind of split. I've been
doing a lot of Starbase stuff, a lot of
Giga Texas stuff, Cyber Cab stuff, and
of course the lithium plant. So, I've
been all over and I'm getting ready to
head out to Europe. So, uh I'm trying to
be as busy as you.
&gt;&gt; He's modest. He also covers the Boring
Company and uh the SpaceX facility out
in Bastrop. So, uh he is indeed very
busy. Uh this is last minute notice you
guys, but uh Joe's going to be in
Flacow, Austria for the X takeover in
Europe June 5th and 6th. I'll be in
Moskegan holding it down domestically.
Uh the same dates. We can't do both. We
don't have uh Jared Isaacman's plane. So
if we did, then maybe. But uh it'd still
be still be a tight commute.
&gt;&gt; All right. So uh what I'm looking at
here, by the way, guys, follow Joe.
Would you could you uh check him out?
We've got this little place here. Lovely
in it. Well, that's the render and it's
already starting to look like that
except that it only has one of the two
lines. Uh but we will discuss that as
well. We have got here a new road being
paved uh that wasn't paved before. No,
it was pretty much a dirt road like much
of the rest of the site is right now.
But, uh, that heads off to the north and
it kind of, uh, it's an access point for
some of the trucks bringing in the spam
concentrate 6, which is the raw
material, but it also connects up to the
substation that powers the entire plant.
You can see the power lines next to the
road. So, it's uh kind of a important uh
new addition. And having the asphalt, I
think, is really nice because the amount
of dust there is kind of out of control.
And I was actually kind of hoping to see
more asphalt around the plant uh just to
help with that dust control. But uh
yeah, so they continue to be adding in
and changing some of the infrastructure
while they are in production, which is
uh really great to be able to see.
&gt;&gt; That's kind of unique to Tesla.
Historically, what I've always observed
is uh companies will build something to
absolute completion and then flip the
switch. Uh Tesla prefers a more agile,
more nimble approach. Okay. So, then
we've got some new equipment that we've
seen here. Uh this is uh redundant
equipment or is it potentially for uh
the upcoming uh construction of the
second line? What do we what do we
speculate this is? I'm not 100% sure,
but it does look like similar equipment
that was installed in the first part or
the first half of the plant. As you saw
with the render, uh eventually it's
going to have parallel processing lines,
but right now they've only got one. And
I think the reason why is that they
wanted to get it up and running and kind
of get a lay of the land and see what
the market was like, what was going on
with lithium. Uh because from the time
that they started building the plant
till now, the worldwide market has
changed considerably. And with those ups
and downs, I think they wanted to take a
little bit more prudent uh approach to
that. So, they've got half of it there,
but it looks like some of the materials
are starting to arrive. So, maybe uh it
doesn't look like it's a high sense of
urgency like the original one. So, maybe
towards the end of the year, they might
have enough to maybe start doing that.
But uh they're also just it looks to me
because of some of the new structures
that they're putting in is that they're
continuing to sort of tweak or refine
their process as they go. So I think
they're learning a lot and they're also
preparing for uh expansion. And it is
also possible, this is total speculation
on my part, but uh as we've seen with
transformers, the lead time for that is
excessively long. So this type of
equipment may be similar where they want
to go ahead and acquire it and start
accumulating it to have it on hand
before they start uh trying to build
because otherwise as you were saying
many other companies they want to get
everything completely done perfectly at
one time and when they wait it can
really extend those uh times of
building. So I think that they're just
trying to get ahead of the game right
now. So what you see is if you need to
build a new building and you're missing
several critical components, you don't
have a factory, you have a building full
of stuff.
&gt;&gt; True.
&gt;&gt; That could be uh problematic.
&gt;&gt; I think a lot of people watch over that.
They they see the structure and they
think it's done, but they don't account
for the equipment inside the structure
that's needed to do the production. And
sometimes in in a lot of ways that is
the longest lead time and they really
are trying to get ahead of that and I
think that's what we're seeing
&gt;&gt; indeed. Uh I think that we saw that with
uh the construction of Lucid's much
expanded factory. I had a lot of Lucid
investors telling me that my skepticism
was unwarranted because look the
building is finished and I said we're
not seeing equipment being loaded in
every day. Uh if you watch other
factories like Tesla's specifically like
your footage more specifically of Giga
Texas you would see that every day
equipment crates uh big stuff is going
into the building test parts are coming
out of the building and for Lucid 5
years ago four years ago all we saw was
the building itself.
&gt;&gt; That's great but it's empty.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, I was having a recent
conversation with somebody about the U
Giga Texas Optimus plant. And the only
point I want to bring that is about that
is they're seeing construction and
they're like, "Oh, okay. So, what
probably by the end of this year we're
going to see robots." And I'm like, um,
I'm going to say end of 27,28
because the structure may be completed,
but all of the equipment inside that's
going to take a while
&gt;&gt; and uh I don't think the building will
be substantially complete this year.
We're just seeing the first vertical
sticks going up. Uh it it's a big
building
&gt;&gt; and while parts of it could be completed
uh if it was prioritized by the end of
the year, I still don't think production
would be a reasonable expectation.
So this big old building here is the
Spagamine house. What's going on?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a couple of things that's
interesting here. One, people may ask,
what is spajimeine or spoime concentrate
6? Again, that's that raw material that
is brought in. It's kind of a pulverized
rock. It's kind of a rough powdery
material and it's got 6% lithium within
the rock. So you you need to refine it a
lot more and that's what the plan is
for. But because of the I think it's
something like six or 10 to one from how
much spamine you have to how much
lithium that you make the quantity of
the spamine concentrate six is quite
substantial and it's something you want
to keep out of the elements. So they
have this really large uh warehouse that
uh they bring in the spamine, they keep
it there, they maneuver it, and then
they use conveyors to take it to the
plant itself. But we also are seeing
just on the south end uh kind of more
construction. There's some footings
being put in. So there may be some
expansion. So maybe uh maybe a different
process. Maybe they've realized that
they needed some additional space for
maybe uh something else. I I'm not
really sure. And then we see that kind
of a tent like structure at the very
end. And I think that's where the trucks
that are bringing in the spamine go and
then they unload. And it's a way of
doing that so that it mitigates the dust
that's everywhere and also keeps it out
of the elements. And so that's a
relatively new addition. It also is
eventually where I expect a rail spur to
be put in somewhere in that area to help
bring in the material with the railroad.
But that is there's no indication of
that spur. There's no indication of the
railroad uh track coming into this area.
So I think the uh the plant's production
capacity right now is uh enough that
they can just use trucks and that's what
we're seeing. Uh there's there was none
on this particular day. It was a Sunday.
Uh but I have seen in the past trucks
all lined up on that uh kind of west
side of the structure waiting to unload.
Mhm. For reference, a semi without
special variances can haul about uh 25
tons of material. A rail car is more
like a 100 tons. So when you see a long
rail car, it is hundreds of trucks. It
is displacing for very heavy things that
are all going to the same place. It's a
good solution. at the top middle of the
screen there, we see uh that paved road
we were just talking about,
&gt;&gt; sneaking off into the distance as if
it's going towards a specific uh
location. What's up there?
&gt;&gt; That is that new electrical substation
that they added in that brings the power
to the plant. Uh I I thought about
flying up there, but uh this particular
day the winds were really really strong.
So I ended up having to fly the flight
from two different locations to minimize
how much distance I was flying away from
myself. So getting all the way up to
there really wasn't in the cards this
time. U but I have been there before. It
looks similar to what we see up at Giga
Texas with that electrical switchyard or
substation. There's transformers, power
lines coming in, circuit breakers, and
then the electrical lines follow that
road down into the plant. And then
there's uh connections where it uh kind
of tees off and goes to support the
plant. But uh
&gt;&gt; and it's not like we don't know what a
substation looks like,
&gt;&gt; right? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But it is probably the only real
utilities out there uh as far as water
or anything like that. Uh it's pretty
much self-contained, so there aren't big
water pipes coming out here. It's all
the ponds that you see and some of the
plants that they have there.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Better shot of those additional
footings you mentioned earlier. That's
helpful. Uh now, uh getting on to the
exciting part of the plant is the kiln.
&gt;&gt; Uh you'd mentioned in your video that
they are operating 24/7.
I imagine that is in part because
shutting down a kiln operation for 8
hours a day uh could be problematic or
at least difficult or expensive. Uh is
that part of it you think?
&gt;&gt; I think so. I think it's sort of like
diesel trucks where you see them running
all the time. I think it's the same
thing is once they get this set up and
operational, uh keeping it steady state
is probably ideal. So when I was there,
I could actually see uh both the uh kind
of that rusty pipe between the two uh
structures. Uh that's the the heating
part, the kiln. And then below it, you
see it kind of a white jacketed one.
That's a cooler. So they work together
and they bring the material in and it's
rotating and it also pitches to allow
gravity to pull it through as it's
heating it up and cooling it down. And I
just think that uh you know, well, when
I was there, I could see it actually
rolling on the bearings. You can see the
bearings where it's supporting on both
sides. And I could also see the drive
unit in motion. U but yeah, I think they
they need to keep it at some degree of
operating all the time so they don't
have startup or shutdown issues or just
having to go through the whole process
of getting it going. But it was clearly
working even on this Sunday. And I could
also see other parts of the plants
operational. So they were they were
doing some processing while I was there.
And uh yeah, do go watch the videos if
you haven't folks because you can see
Joe does zoom in on the actual rings so
you can see that they are in motion. Uh
you got the the the hot tube and the
cold tube uh moving material forward.
Oh, one thing I wanted to mention is
when we saw that tent a minute ago,
&gt;&gt; uh when you said that trucks would pull
into it, someone might look at this and
say, "Well, that door looks pretty
short." But if you look at this loader
over here, you'll see that it is not a
small, it is a lack of scale because we
are at a tremendous distance that makes
it a little harder to understand.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's something I always struggle
with is trying to show scale. And I was
actually thinking when we were looking
at the rotating kill and if you look at
the trucks next to it, you can see the
bearings are so big that the trucks
could drive through those bearings.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; Huge.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And my question that I would ask
of their engineers is since those
bearings are exposed to the elements,
how do you mitigate dust and other
particullet?
I I don't know if you even can, but uh
it'd be an interesting question.
&gt;&gt; It is a good question. Um uh I I would
imagine that they have to have a
maintenance uh process where they're
cleaning it and lubricating it a lot
because of the the dusty uh environment
it's in. And that's why I was really
surprised. As you can see here, there's
not a lot. I mean, there is some
concrete, but there's not a lot of
asphalt. There's not a lot of surface
treatment to keep all the dust down. Uh
they use water trucks from those ponds
to constantly be driving around spraying
it down. So, um yeah, that's a little
bit of a mystery to me why they chose
not to do that. U, this is also a great
shot because it shows an addition that
has been made since I was last there,
you know. So, what we're Oh, go ahead.
&gt;&gt; No, I that's the question is tell us
about this one building that is uh
slightly cleaner than the ones next to
it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, what we're looking at is you
can see that large warehouse in the back
where the spamine comes in. You can see
the conveyors. It goes through the
process of the plant and then it ends up
at the tall building on the right and
that's where the final product lithium
hydroxide monohydrate is packaged up and
shipped out. So that's kind of like
their packaging and shipping part of the
plant. But next to it that lower
building uh when I was there before I
could see the foundation starting now it
is complete. And what I think this is uh
because I could actually see trucks
going in and out of it. Um, but the
process that they use has a byproduct
and that byproduct is like a silicut
mixture almost like a sand kind of
thing. It's inert and it's also very
good for making concrete. So they are
able to produce a lot of that because as
I mentioned the spamine concentrate 6 is
something like six or 10 to one of what
you get for the final product. So you
get a lot of byproduct material. So, I
think they built this to house all of
that to then ship it off. And that is
exactly what they're doing. They're
shipping it up to uh concrete
manufacturing companies and they're
making concrete which is then used for
other structures around the area. So
that's one of the unique parts of the
process that Tesla is lith is using here
for the lithium hydroxide is unlike big
brine tanks and uh a lot of sulfuric
acid and those kinds of materials that
you see in most other plants here they
have a different process that makes
material that's great for concrete
&gt;&gt; and with that said uh is I know you
speculated that the lack of uh surface
treatment the lack of pavement or
asphalt
maybe because this area isn't done. They
may continue expanding or reconfiguring
in this area.
&gt;&gt; And I think
&gt;&gt; you can see the structures here on the
right. You can see kind of that grassy
area where there's ponds. That's where
the second half of the plant will be. In
fact, you can see the tower next to the
um the warehouse with the conveyor up to
it. That's where the beginning of the
process would go for that part of the
plant.
&gt;&gt; Right there at the edge of the grass.
&gt;&gt; Yes. So, you would imagine what we're
seeing on the center left of the screen
replicated and mirrored on the right
hand side of the screen.
&gt;&gt; Well, that means we have to figure out
what uh this building is. And uh I I
already suspect I know the answer, but
I'm just going to call it the wrong
thing because it's funny. The cyber
whistle.
&gt;&gt; The cyber whistle. It does kind of look
sort of like that, doesn't it?
&gt;&gt; It does. It does. So, this is
strategically located in between the
first line and the future expanded
second line. What is it?
&gt;&gt; Well, I'm going to have to speculate on
this, too. And it's not a cyber whistle,
and it's not a start Star Wars kind of
facility or whatever. I think it's just
mainly the control room. It's where
where a lot of the employees can be. and
that uh kind of the angled part almost
looks like u a place you could go
outside almost like a patio or
something. So, but I think it's just
basically where the operations are for
the entire plant and it's well suited uh
because they can get a great shot of
what's going on with the raw materials
and also how the plant itself is
operating. uh in the future based on the
render there will be another uh kind of
office building constructed but that is
not yet done and it would be sort of
below where the drone is from its
perspective right now. So, so that's my
guess. Operations center.
&gt;&gt; That was my based on where it's located,
based on where it's situated, that would
make the most sense based on the where
the windows are. And now that you
mentioned it, that back patio is a patio
because on this side of the building,
there's no opening and on the other side
of the building there appears to be an
opening like a little walkway. So maybe
that's maybe
&gt;&gt; based on what you said though, I think
that they missed a great opportunity. If
they had sloped the longer part of the
roof down just a little bit more, they
could have had a Cybert truck.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. You know, they've got to
consult me. They
&gt;&gt; the the smallest little missed
opportunity. Very disappointing. So, uh,
one thing I've noticed here is a lack of
giant chemical tanks, right?
&gt;&gt; Uh, that's not a big part of their
process, is it?
&gt;&gt; No, it's not. Uh again, they use uh some
of the water and that's what the ponds
come from and they use some other
chemicals, but it's uh it's a pretty
straightforward process. Um and I
believe that they recycle quite a bit of
the materials, the the chemicals that
they do use and the water. And so they
don't need what you would see at a
traditional plant with gigantic tanks,
gigantic ponds, a lot of the
infrastructure to move water and also to
be able to handle some of the uh the the
less nice byproducts. Again, I think
sulfuric acid is the big one that most
other lithium plants use and that can be
problematic. So uh this process is
pretty nice.
&gt;&gt; So on this uh there was a recent report.
Oh my gosh, Joe, the world is ending. Uh
where they were complaining about the
runoff from this facility
&gt;&gt; and that even though it adhered to all
the permits, they decided to test it for
some other things downstream and found
that it was just like at trace levels of
things that are not a problem today, but
perhaps over time could become a
problem. They were concerned that
lithium would be discharged. My thought
on that was why would they discharge the
one thing they're definitely going to
use? That doesn't make any sense. But
from looking at the site, from studying
it and understanding it, do those
complaints even make sense based on the
fact that they don't use a lot of the
harsh chemicals and uh they're
reclaiming and recapturing and and
selling the byproduct on so many of
these fronts.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um I don't know. Uh this is going
to be more of a speculation on my part
rather than saying for absolute shy, but
uh I know that uh they are putting in a
concerted effort to try to make sure
that they recycle and they protect the
environment as much as they possibly
can. They are using a process which by
definition is very uh inert and it
doesn't have a lot of the really bad
byproducts that you would normally have.
I I know that some people tend to be
worried about things that they may not
completely understand or they may assume
that this plant operates like different
plants. Uh so I think that there may be
just a lot of uh people talking about
things or worried about things that may
not be an issue. And I know that Tesla
is working through the process to make
sure as you've pointed out that they've
been testing the whatever is around the
site. They've been looking at whatever
the byproducts are, whatever the
chemicals are. Um, and if there were an
issue, I I am uh I'm very confident that
they would work through that to make
sure that it's not uh being a a bad
neighbor or doing something to the site
that's going to be uh pretty uh pretty
bad even over time. Uh you know, in this
area there's there's other things like
refining and that kind of stuff. I would
think that that would be by far a more
big of a concern than what's going on
with the lithium plant. The real problem
that I saw with the study that they
conducted on the water downstream of
this facility is that they didn't also
take samples from upstream from this
facility.
&gt;&gt; So it is uh pretty challenging to know
what came from where.
&gt;&gt; Uh I feel like that's a a pretty
egregious mistake.
&gt;&gt; So of course now the last thing I got to
ask you is uh what have you heard? What
are have they shared anything about the
efficiency of the operations, expansion
plans, uh the future, the present,
what's going on?
&gt;&gt; Um, not specifically as far as, you
know, hey, we got this plan and next May
we're going to do stuff, but I can just
go by circumstance one. Just looking at
some of the materials that they're
starting to uh collect, uh, some of the
ones that may be longer lead times. It
looks like there is a plan to do that.
uh that you know the the doubling in
size or mirroring what's already there.
Um I know that the uh product is
arriving at the battery cathode plant up
at Giga Texas which is sort of the input
uh for that process and there is a lot
of activity there as far as adding even
more equipment in. They just put in some
uh covered workshops uh maybe some
covered areas for material that may be
coming in and they put a new uh
temporary loading dock up on the second
floor. So they are continuing to proceed
with the operations there and adding
more capabilities uh for the battery
cathode plant to make the uh cathode
material for the 4680s. I also know that
over at the 4680 there are there are a
lot of permits that are being filed. I
can see a lot of equipment uh some
interior constructions going on to add
in that equipment. I know this because I
can see the concrete slabs coming out
that have been cut out. So, you know,
from the lithium processing to the
battery cathode plant to the 4680, there
is a lot of expansion going on from all
three of those sites. So, I can only
imagine that uh they're pretty happy
with where they're at and there's plans
for them to continue more construction.
You know, it's amazing how much
construction is going on at the Giga
Texas and adding even more is not a
surprise to me at all.
&gt;&gt; And uh worth noting that the byproduct
here is not garbage. It's something you
can sell. people will buy your trash
from you because they can make concrete
or other products.
&gt;&gt; And on this uh expansion, I've had
people say, "Well, it's behind schedule
because it's not already fully scaled."
But it's worth noting that when this was
announced, lithium prices were more than
double what they are today,
&gt;&gt; right? So there is a uh urgency when
prices get that high where you can
justify overspending to get things done
early. And as you noted in the video, we
didn't show it, but there are five spare
transformers on site. Something like
five.
&gt;&gt; That is a good thing, but at the same
time, it's part of the problem. It's
part of the shortage because everybody
feels that they have to get their spares
in early and that exacerbates the
shortage. Uh but that is something that
can be remedied over the next few years.
&gt;&gt; And there's two things that came to mind
when you were saying that. Uh we were
talking about people think when a
structure is done that they're done, but
you have to have all the equipment in
there uh to make it work. The other
thing that's very important and I think
people forget or they don't understand
is that the lead times can be years and
within years a lot of things can change
on the macroeconomic part of the the the
the equation. And as you've said, the
lithium cost, the lithium processing,
the demand for lithium has gone through
like three or four cycles since they
broke ground. So, you know, when you are
building these kinds of structures, you
have to have this vision of where it's
going to go, but you also have to accept
a certain level of risk because things
can change during the time to actually
build the structure to be able to be in
a good position. And the thing is is
that Tesla did that and now they at
least they have a production facility.
So as things change maybe on the
political realm maybe on the economic
realm uh they're in a really great
position because that they took that
risk and they started the construction
what three or four years ago about three
years ago and now they're in a position
that they are in which has improved
their position a lot more than if they
had just waited or if they weren't sure
or or let's just you know let's just go
with what uh what is there. The second
thing I I remembered um and it's been
part of the the plan all along and I
think that there's been some discussion
recently and that has to do with
something called black mass recycling
and it's basically recycling existing
batteries. It's something like Redwood
does something Tesla wants to do and the
lithium plant. uh in some of their plans
that I've seen uh they would like to be
able to add that capability and I think
that uh we will probably see that over
the next year or two being developed as
well.
&gt;&gt; When I was at Gigan Nevada, they told me
that we do all of our recycling inhouse
and then the next day I had a tour of
Redwood Materials where I saw a pallet
of what was clearly 2170s.
So, uh, maybe that's an aspirational
goal in Nevada. They haven't quite
gotten there yet. And I did say, "What
are those?" And they said, "We're not
allowed to tell you, but you can look at
them."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, recycling of batteries is
going to be a big thing as more and more
vehicles, cars, stationary storage uses
batteries. And the nice thing about that
is the refining uh is pretty simple. You
don't have to do all the mining and you
just take what is existing and you can
recover
almost 100% like 98 97% of the material.
&gt;&gt; Everything but the glue.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah, very interesting. Guys, uh if
you haven't done it already, head over
to Joe's channel, find out what he's up
to. If you want to meet him, you can do
that June 5th and 6th in Flakow,
Austria. He's going to be there for the
X takeover. Uh check him out. So, in the
comments, what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it. I beg of you.
Please leave it. Everyone else, stay
tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to
hear from you. clever robots at one of
those two events.