Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla FSD 14.3.2 Is a Magnitude Leap Forward
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGV_xLfHFK4
Published:   2026-04-28 18:20 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-28 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What matters most for Tesla robo taxi
and full self-driving is safety and for
that the good news is safety seems to be
on track for now. Ashok Kaliswami Tesla
vice president of AI and other Tesla
executives were highlighting several
videos of how Tesla cars are much safer
with Ashok saying that it is the
advantage of having eyes all around.
Tesla AI executive Phil Dwan said safety
is best when it's proactive. Today we'll
cover several videos showing FSE safety
and what Asha calls its big brain. The
latest version of FSE version 14.3.2
seems to be going wide now with more
cars receiving it. Reports from the
community are overwhelmingly positive
saying this release is a magnitude leap
from 14.3.1.
Plus a small move in Europe with a city
in Sweden approving testing of FSD for a
year. This is not yet final approval,
but it's a step towards it. We got Joe
Bacti here with us today. He's an
economist, investor, and tech
entrepreneur. He has a YouTube channel
covering both Tesla and AGI. Check out
his website and community at
pioneerlands.org.
Welcome, Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back.
&gt;&gt; So, we had the earnings call last week.
I haven't spoken to you since then. Uh,
you know, I just wanted to cover the
it's kind of like where I saw yesterday
the Tesla executives focusing on Elon,
Ashok, Philwan, and others. They really
wanted to highlight Tesla's efficacy
safety. And from the call it looked like
that safety is good and that's the
priority step one because when you
always ask does robo taxi work does the
technology work well it's about safety
number one. Number two is what they
covered right it's not just safety it's
what he called convenience like you know
not sitting there at in front of a red
stoplight if it's going to be stopped
forever it needs to think about what to
do and where to go otherwise it won't be
good for the experience. Um so I want to
show you a number of updates on that and
then get your thoughts on that. So let's
start with the first news is this that
uh this version 14.3.2
seems to be going out wide now. It says
software update 2026 2.9.
It's not just this one company, this
one, you know, car, but it looks like
that it's all AI4 models are being
included in the rollout and it's the
first wide roll out, meaning more than
5% after numerous releases. So 14uh 3.2
they had to wait because 14.3.1
was good, but uh everybody who's using
14.3.2 is saying that it's a magnitude
better. It is like night and day better
than 14.3.1 that it's funny that it's a
0001
you know number for version number but
in fact it is actually that much better.
So that's rolling out now. What's your
thoughts on that?
&gt;&gt; Well, we have to also consider what 14.3
actually means. Right? they were very
clear that this is a deeply reworked
model that now allows much faster and
much deeper iterations. So, you know,
that's very important to note. It's not
just a random model improvement. It's a
revamped, rearchitectured model. I had
like a follower saying on X or on
Pioneer Lands um that it's not good
enough. You know, the previous version
14.2 they have to rework the entire
thing. And I told him, well, they did
rework the entire thing. They were very
clear on that. This is a new
architecture that allows much faster
iterations. So I would not be surprised
if we actually see significant
improvements with every single iteration
now because that's what they did. So all
of these things just build up to my
thesis that the rate of improvement is
constantly improving the actual rate and
that is part of my extrapolation that we
have solved FSD effectively or will have
it solved way before end of this year
because I'm extrapolating the curves the
improvement curves and there is no doubt
that these improvement curves go steeper
and steeper all the time. Yeah,
improvement curves uh and uh and then so
that's surprisingly that 0001 is so much
better. So before we move on and talk
specifically about safety versus uh the
improvement and what we see happening
wanted to share this uh you know that
Europe you're obviously there you're
watching it closely we had the
Netherlands approve it in May 5th is
when they're going to have their meeting
apparently and then maybe a decision
somewhere in late June if everything
goes according to plan for the EU member
states whether or not they're going to
approve it. But there is some movement.
Here's FSD in Sweden. It's not a big
deal. It is a small municipality who
approved Tesla FSD testing and they'll
give it one year. So it says here that
they're going to allow a testing of
automated vehicles on the municipalities
road network under one year of decision.
This is just testing it. It's not in any
way related to the actual, you know,
full autonomy, but it's part of it. Um,
what do what do you take about these
moves by these uh cities like this to do
this? Well, Sweden is pretty
decentralized and they also are all
smart, right? So, they are very
competent people. Also, they're small
communities. So, I that's just how it
works in the Nordics. They're doing it,
you know, every little town and
community can do these things. And if
they determine that this is successful,
uh, everyone else is listening to them
in Sweden, of course. Uh, so that's just
the way it is there. It's not everything
is centralized there. Uh, but once
someone makes a decision, these are very
diligent decisions and then they are
being passed around. So I think it's a
it's always slow, right? they take their
time but yeah it's moving and that's
just to the point uh where we have to
understand of course Europe is we always
say United States with the 50 states
it's still uh kind of decentralized to
some extent the states have a lot of say
but we shouldn't forget that Europe is
much more decentralized despite the
European Union because you know Germany
is not Sweden and Sweden is not Portugal
these are sovereign nations and So uh
even though they learn from each other,
you know, it's it's important that some
of them just do their own work and then
the rest can adopt it if they want
unless there's a central EU uh decision
made that can everyone can take over.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's good. So that's moving or
we'll see what happens. Are you positive
or what's your read right now with EU
approval? Will it be positive?
&gt;&gt; As you know, my my take on this entire
thing, I said it before, is that
regulations are not that important?
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's all about technology. It's who
cares? Like they can't even stand in the
way once it really works. And if it
doesn't really work as right now, it's
not ready to scale. Um it doesn't
matter, right? So what do I care if
Sweden takes a year? What I care is
about does Tesla take a year or not? At
the moment where this scales, at the
moment you have tens of thousands of
robo taxis in Dallas, Texas, you know,
Austin, whatever, it's game over. they
will all fall in line very quickly
because they have to. So it's it's good
that we are doing this. Uh this needs to
happen. There's regulatory work being
done. But it's not that you have to do
something and then wait for the
regulators. It's a mutually dependent
ecosystem. The the regulators also have
to speed up if they see there are like
100,000 robo taxis driving around in the
United States.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I think the push back would be
that, you know, Tesla has a lead.
They're way ahead of everyone else, but
people will catch up. So if regulators
are slow, if Tesla's slow in scaling, by
the time that they do scale, let's say
it's 2 years later, others would catch
up. And they have this window to go out
there as fast as possible. And that's
where you see a lot of investors getting
very concerned going, "Well, we thought
we would already have 100,000 robo taxes
by the end of this year. Sounds like
from Elon that does not that's not the
number."
They're concerned that others will catch
up.
&gt;&gt; It's a good concern to have, but again
has nothing to do with the regulators.
That is a concern between Tesla and the
competition. And the more I look into
the details of FSD, who did this show? I
don't know where I saw that. But someone
covered the details. Who was that? I
don't know. uh I think elect uh uh
electrified
like a YouTube video on the details of
all these little problems with FSD where
they lost connection and no one knows
what the connection loss was all about
and people complain that it went dark
whatever some details and every time I
hear that it's actually bullish for me
people say like Joe you're delusional
why is it bullish if Tesla has problems
because it tells you how infinitely
complex this is these are all problems
everyone else also has to solve. If
Volkswagen has it or you know anyone,
they all didn't even start to test
anything at scale. They are not even
ready to test anything at scale. Even if
you had a nicely working system, there
are so many meta systems that have
nothing to do with the FSD technology
and all to do with infrastructure, with
cloud, with connectivity, with all with
insane amounts of complexity that you
have to build around this thing. That
was a great reminder when I saw that
that even if Nvidia would solve
something and they have not solved this
then they have to solve with 99.99999%
as Tesla then they have to roll it out
and then they have to solve all these
infinite problems of infrastructure not
just cleaning but complicated safety
relevant infrastructure what's the cloud
connectivity what provider do they use
AT&amp;T seems like Tesla use AT&amp;T is then
the connectivity issue with AT&amp;T or is
it with the Tesla cloud and what's the
Tesla cloud? It's probably AWS right
now. So all these details, do you think
Mercedes or Volkswagen even understands
these details? Like no. So it's a
reminder that once FSD is ready and you
you're one of the first ones who said it
is it was already ready like 3 months
ago or something. From there it's a long
path to make the entire infrastructure
ready that is not even dependent on FSD
and all this work that goes in you can
forget there is no hack right you have
to build this with thousands and
thousands and thousands of cars now way
did that but they're not even done they
have to do it at scale whoever wants to
compete has to do it too and this is
years and billions to be spent who's
doing it I don't know anyone Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. It's ready based on safety. And
then now of course what we've realized
is I'm hearing from Tesla is that there
is an unlimited uh nines of edge cases
to be done for what he calls convenience
or let's call it operations. You could
if you wanted to do what Whimo's doing.
Whimo with 3,000 cars. They send out
their cars and guess what's happening
right? every single day there is a Whimo
stuck in the middle of a of a
intersection getting into a small tiny
fender bender accidents. It will happen
to Tesla too. But the thing is Tesla
doesn't want to do that because a they
would have only 3,000 cars. You can
handle it with remote operators,
somebody getting, you know, dialing in
and saying what's going on. When you
want to do 30,000 cars or 100,000 cars,
that's when that's what Tesla's working
on now. So it's not ready for that.
That's why things are delayed for that
reason. So
&gt;&gt; it's important but this was an important
aspect that people that I understood
only at the earnings call.
&gt;&gt; The engineering problem is not just
safety. Safety is solved.
It's once you have safety, it's a
tradeoff between convenience and safety.
Yes. And
&gt;&gt; the total this is a trade-off you have
to engineer. But to merge to make it
convenient and safe, that is a
capability issue. So the more capable
this thing becomes, the more you can
make it convenient and safe. Right now
at any given state of performance or
capability, you can only have that much
convenience if you fix safety. And they
fixed safety and said, well, now it's a
little inconvenience sometimes if it
goes in circles. And so now we have to
use capability improvement to converge
safety and convenience. I think that's
the design choice they made. That's very
important because it tells us a little
bit about safety logic. These things are
kind of half sentient and they have
basically only so much brain capacity
and Tesla told them well if in doubt be
cautious.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Over over over uh overestimate on
the or whatever the word is on this on
the side.
&gt;&gt; Now you can hesitate
&gt;&gt; all the time. It hesitates all the time
and that's what they're doing. They
purposely did that. They wanted to be
much more safe than than anything at
this point. So this is Omar uh some
other person. Then FSE version 14.3.2
pulled into the shoulder to avoid a car
coming out of coming up at full speed
that hadn't started its lane change yet.
Then got back into the lane and then
change lanes to let another car merge
into the highway at the same time. My
first reaction was what the hell's going
on? I let it do its thing because since
it's version 144 version 14. FSE has
shown me on many occasions that it was
right and I was wrong. It really is
becoming safer than humans at handling
dangerous situations. I also want to
point out that if this had been
somewhere someone newer to FSE, they
probably would have disengaged the
moment FSE started swerving toward the
shoulder and would have posted FS tried
to run me into the ditch. Okay, I'll
play this. But Ashoka Swami said the
advantage of having all eyes around.
Okay, so the car is driving and then why
is it going to the ditch? Why is it
going there? Oh, that's why that guy was
coming in from behind going crazy and
then that guy was
&gt;&gt; going to enter into the lane and so it
moved to the lane to the left lane and
moved out. Yeah. So this is how
&gt;&gt; that's why it did that. It saw this car
screaming through so it goes I better
get out of the way.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Is that a great example of you
know the advantage of having all eyes
around? But that also tells you what
level of intelligence we're dealing
with. I think people don't get it. This
is extreme intelligence. It understands
we have to break the law or whatever the
regulations to save our life. Like this
is very complicated.
&gt;&gt; This has to say never go there but not
never. Sometimes do sometimes you have
to cross a red light or sometimes you
have to actually go on the uh thing on
the on the side because it's a dangerous
situation. These are
&gt;&gt; you very complicated decisions. Very
good point by the way. I think that that
is exactly right. It's not something you
can code. If you see a car driving fast
then turn like depending on the scenario
situation. What do you do? So it had to
think and then speed. It had to make
decisions in micro seconds to decide
what to do. And then as soon as it did
that and the car passed and then it got
in the lane, it immediately noticed that
this other guy was about to come in. So
it got out of the way and because
there's no cars around you, go ahead and
get into that left lane. Um
&gt;&gt; yeah, there's no doubt. I mean this is
the big takeaway for FSD for me and
that's I think people have to understand
that because I hear that you know the
the big strategic question for everyone
who's into the stock and wants to know
where are we at are we at risk what is
the risk number one risk it doesn't work
I think at this point everyone
understands well that's not a risk it
works it will work number two risk and
that's the only remaining risk it's not
regulatory the only remaining risk risk
is are we too slow and will competition
destroy Tesla? Nvidia, you know, sounds
like a big deal. Way more maybe. And
when you think about it, when you think
about where we are at and what exactly
Tesla is dealing with, what are these
problems like this one for example, the
convenience problem, the connectivity
problem. All of these problems are not
problems of the core technology. There
are problems of like enormous complexity
that you can only test with massive
amounts of cars all over the place. And
that means whoever the competition is
needs to go through the same process. No
one has even started that process at
scale. And so even if someone would
figure out FSD to the same extent at
Tesla, they need years and years and
years and billions of dollars to just do
all the other stuff and it's not
cleaning and it's not charging. That's
the trivial stuff. It's it's the actual
technology outside the neural net.
And so people need to understand that
you you don't need to be afraid that
there's out of left field some tech
coming that suddenly Nvidia that beats
Tesla. Nvidia cannot beat Tesla. Nvidia
can help someone beat Tesla and that
someone needs to be Volkswagen or Toyota
or Mercedes with millions of cars on the
road that all have that thing installed
and keep testing and then they have to
do it for three years and then they
become dangerous to Tesla. So you can
start looking who is that the answer is
no one. Okay then wait until you have
the first million works wagons on the
road with that stuff installed and then
give them three four five years. So just
important to understand on the
timelines.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Jenma JP who is actually a robo
taxi expert for he won't name which
company legacy automaker but he knows
his stuff. He wrote this great article
and he basically said some people are
saying the competitors will catch up
because they have access to uh uh
simulation engine simulation. They have
access to AI. AI will solve a lot of
this. You don't need to have all this
anymore. And then he pointed out that
yeah okay but so does Tesla. Tesla has a
large simulation engine. and they also
have a lot a lot of uh uh the uh the AI
access to all the AI even if they using
it and they can't find a solution to it.
&gt;&gt; It's not like the others are like
somehow have a secret that Tesla doesn't
have
&gt;&gt; and I remember it was Dylan Lumis who
did the video. Great. So shout out to
Dylan. He did this video showing this
problem and that tells you exactly the
problem with this whole theory of NVIDIA
and simulation. The problem that these
robo taxis of Tesla get disconnected
sometimes. They go black. They go dark.
They stop. Screen is black. And that's
what people complained about. Of course,
they stop. It's all safe, but they're
sitting there and it takes like a minute
and then they reconnect somehow. And the
reason for that wasn't even AT&amp;T. The
reason for that was the cloud
connectivity with Tesla. And that
happened to like five people or
something. How zill are you going to
simulate this with Nvidia? And the
answer is you can't. It's not part of
the simulation.
&gt;&gt; The simulation is about the neural net
reacting to the world. It's not oh did
the cloud of Amazon actually keep
connected to my you can't simulate that.
&gt;&gt; It's outside the simulation.
&gt;&gt; And how are you going to determine that?
How do you build these systems? You
can't. You have to actually do it at
scale. And
&gt;&gt; you know that's and I don't know how
many of these problems exist but I tell
you it's not one it's like in infinite
it's like it's complicated. So the idea
you can simulate your way out of it is
stupid. This is a realworld safety
critical operation. You need to actually
build it.
&gt;&gt; This is another thing that happened. Uh
Sam Dickinson pointed out that Tesla's
FS amazed me again yet again. It noticed
the large trailer, so it didn't pull all
the way up to the line after this car
went. Then it realized that the trailer
wasn't going to wasn't was going to
swing wide enough, so it reversed to
make way. Then shifted over to get
clear. This is Ashok saying big brain in
a small box. And Phil Dwan, who's an
Tesla AI executive, also said safety is
best when it's proactive. Let's watch
this. Um, so this car moves forward and
then so now Tesla FSE says I'm not going
to move forward. Okay, because it could
have. It knew that that was coming and
then it backs up. It backs up knowing
what's going on. That is context. That
is understanding exactly what's going on
here. Let me play it out again. Yeah.
Right. I don't even know how many uh
drivers would have done this. Like you
know what I mean? Like many drivers
wouldn't have thought ahead. they would
have waited and then stuck and then
reverse.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
So that is that is what we're talking
about. Not just safety but also
reasoning and understanding what to do
and then act proactively getting out of
the way. Yeah, it is a little bit. You
probably have seen these scatter charts
of AI AGI capability where you have a
bull's eye of skills of human
capability. In the middle is a dot and
then these rings and that's a human all
the different things we can do and how
AI and AGI is actually evolving. It's
not in the middle and then expanding.
It's like uh it's like uneven. It's like
totally
&gt;&gt; it has some domains is better than
humans but other domains is absolutely
not that good.
&gt;&gt; And so similar with FSD only not with
human skills. FSD as a system and what
we see more and more is the actual
intelligence of making these decisions
is way beyond human capability at this
point.
&gt;&gt; What is lacking
is just operational infrastructure stuff
surrounding it. And as long as that
stuff is still not ready, you will have
major problems or inconveniences for
other reasons. You can't just be in a
robo taxi and it loses connection and
you're stuck because it's dark. Um, so
these things need to be figured out by
deployment and scaling. And that's
exactly what's going on. And that is
very good news for us because we all
know these things will be solved. These
are completely normal scaling issues.
It's like Amazon building warehouses and
then delivering stuff and suddenly two
people didn't get their package. This
will happen and then Amazon has to
understand why did they not get the
package or blah blah blah. So I think we
in this phase now which is a totally
non-critical
you know non-frontier problem which is
very good news because it means it just
needs to get managed through just
&gt;&gt; I want to just bring that up again which
is what we were saying earlier. Whimo is
the leader right now. They have 3,000
cars out there, five cities and
expanding to 10 this year. This year,
3,000 cars. They have problems every
single day. So, they chose to go out
there despite these problems that
doesn't seem to be being solved. They're
still happening daily, monthly, and
nothing's happened. Tesla says, "Okay,
we have we're if we had those same
issues that happening to Teslas, imagine
what would happen. global news and they
would slow them down. Regulators would
turn on them. So, they're trying to be
very very careful and slow, but they're
also not just going after 3,000 cars,
you know, and I want to ask you later,
how many cars do you think there will be
by the end of this year and uh but let's
say it's 20,000, maybe it's 50,000 next
year, 100,000. That's what they're
building for is scale of a million plus.
So, here is
&gt;&gt; this is also very important, Herbert,
just to interrupt for a second. uh the
way to lead a company and the way to
lead technological disruption, Elon
versus Whimo, for example, uh when
you're Whimo, you just say we at 3,000,
let's push everything to 4,000, right?
That's how they operate. So, you can
patch your way to 4,000. Whereas Elon is
saying, "No, we are at whatever we are
at 640. We want to get
&gt;&gt; 18 cars million, right? So, we are we at
60 640. How do we get to 640 million?"
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes.
&gt;&gt; And I don't want to do anything and
waste my time that does not get me to
640 million like a million times more.
&gt;&gt; That puts you on a different
path, right? Just to neutrally describe
that it's a different path. What you
need to do, you need to first optimize
the technology that can go there. Then
you need to optimize the infrastructure
that can go there. You cannot just patch
your way to 700.
&gt;&gt; But that's exactly what Whimo is doing.
and that will catch up to them and
completely destroy them as a competitor
once Tesla solves the final pieces.
&gt;&gt; That's why Tesla is already working on
wireless charging which I think is
delayed. Uh and then they're also
working on automated cleaning with the
robotic vacuums. like why would you
already be working on that for about a
year or two because you're planning to
have
&gt;&gt; and by the way her I can deeply relate
to this problem because
&gt;&gt; not that I'm doing stuff as Elon but I'm
thinking in the same way and sometimes
people think I'm stupid as an
entrepreneur I I say no I don't want to
do that and then they say why don't we
do blah blah blah and we sell more and
some I don't want to do it because when
you think it through this can never
actually lead to where we need to go so
let's not do it let's rather delay and
work on something that once it works, it
truly works.
&gt;&gt; Go scale. It'll truly go scale. Yeah,
that's a different thinking.
&gt;&gt; A different way of
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So John E pointed out that this
Whimo crashed and then it leaves. He
says bounces. It means it just takes
off. Goes off. I bet this won't even be
covered by any major news outlet, but if
this was Tesla, it would never end.
This is the way Mo was rearended. You
can see here the video ends too soon to
see if it was pulling into a parking lot
as required by law after non-injury
incident. Some people said that oh it's
not taking off. It was just trying to
find a parking spot to park. Um but
anyways, you can see the the injury
there. Let's take a look at the actual
video.
&gt;&gt; Whimo hit four cars.
&gt;&gt; Holy Oh my god,
&gt;&gt; bro. He's trying to escape to hit.
&gt;&gt; He's trying to hit and run. Look, he's
bouncing
and run. So I don't we don't know what
happened to it if it parked or not but
it took off.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
it's clearly an accident. You can see
that right there. Yeah, fender bender. I
mean, you know, nobody was injured. So
again, uh Tesla has had fender benders
also.
U but yeah, that's you know the logic of
what would happen if you do have a
fender better. What do you do? Where
does the car go? All that has to be
worked out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I never, as you know, my my approach to
way more, I don't take them seriously. I
also don't take Nvidia seriously as a
competitor because Nvidia has completely
different agendas. They just want to
sell chips to all the automakers and
they succeed with that. They're doing
the smart thing for Nvidia, but it's not
leading to an vertically integrated
competitor.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't think Whimo is the
competitor and everybody still says so.
And then uh so how many cars are you
expecting that Tesla will have in robo
taxiing by the end of this year?
&gt;&gt; Question.
&gt;&gt; Well, given given the earnings ended,
you you probably reread the transcript
several times like I did, relistened to
what he actually said in what context.
Where are you at with this?
&gt;&gt; I'm still sticking to my estimation that
there is a reasonable chance that we get
to over 10,000 end of the year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Because when I think it through
because I think for me still what I said
all the time again and again for me the
decisive indicator and trajectory is
cyber cap manufacturing that is the only
realw world thing we can see and rely on
that has actually real stakes connected
to it financial stakes massive financial
stakes
&gt;&gt; they're starting to scale I don't see
any indication that they're slowing down
they're turnurning out 10 12 per day
right so that gets to do 300 in a month.
That means next month we add 600. So
that means we add 10,000 in December if
that continues. And here we know it has
to continue otherwise there's a there's
a capex problem.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. My my number is 15,000 um
and then there's a discrepancy because
if cyber cab is produced I don't expect
it to be just 15,000. I'm thinking maybe
20 25,000. What do they do with those
extra ones by the end of this year? Now
when he said not material not he said
actually not super material by the end
of this year not super material by the
end of this year was his actual words
and what what does that mean 5% one year
&gt;&gt; no if you do the math I did the math in
my base assumption if you have let's say
200 you had if you had 2,000 cyber caps
or rubo taxes you had 5% free cash flow
of 2020
&gt;&gt; and you're talking free cash flow most
material means
revenue
Yeah, but even material.
&gt;&gt; What people have to understand, it's
just basic math. When I say 2,000 is 5%
of free cash flow, that means 2,000 for
the entire year annualized,
&gt;&gt; right? And that's the other 10,000 by
December and you're in you're at at at
3,000 in October or something. That's
completely immaterial. That's not 2,000
annualized.
&gt;&gt; So, you're at 1%. Even if you scale to
15,000 by December, you're probably at
1% maybe 2% of free cash flow for 2026.
It's completely not completely it's the
last month that it's going to happen. So
that's that's where we're at. So at this
point is, you know, that's what I I got
into big trouble. I'd swear, Joe,
because at the Cyberbulls show I did on
Thursday, uh, we published on Friday, I
was pretty big on the fact that, you
know, people were so upset with the
delay and I kept saying, "Yes, there's a
delay." Did you hear me now? Yes, there
is a delay. There's a delay because they
never hit the doubling each month.
There's a delay because they didn't hit
the uh being material this year, which
Elon said last year. But my point was,
did you still have that expectation
coming into the earnings call? Because I
had known about these delays in
December. I had already known these
delays in February and March. So at the
earnings call, I already in my mind was
not expecting that there was going to be
a material this year.
&gt;&gt; Uh that's like yes, there is a delay. Uh
I predicted 1,800 by April, May. Now
it's still not even May. Uh and we are
at 640. So we end up at 800 maybe in
May. So we at 800 I predicted 1,800.
Okay. What I mean sure it's a delay but
that's a two months to one month delay.
Are you kidding me? After 10 years after
like that's that we talking about a one
to two months delay actually when you
take a step back on the most
transformative technology in
transportation since the invention of
the conveyor belt or something. So it's
completely ridiculous in my opinion.
It's a delay, but a completely
&gt;&gt; it's a huge delay to some people who was
assuming that there was going to be
100,000 robo taxis by the end of six
year or 50,000 and we're not likely
going to get there. And I that's what
I'm saying to you. It's like my number
was always 15,000.
&gt;&gt; But to CERN's point, I don't want to I
don't want to overstress
&gt;&gt; in terms of what the stock might do.
Sure. Also no but but if you had the
expectation of 100,000 let's say of
50,000 and we end up at 15,000
&gt;&gt; that means it's a three months delay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah it's day where no nobody's going to
worry about it. Okay. So I just want to
end as well that Tesla cars are safe not
only because of the um the FSD but the
way the car was built was safety was
number one. Tesla saves owner's life
head-on collision with a drunk driver.
This person, Adrienne Rose Alvareo,
posted this on Facebook. She said, "I
don't know who I need to tag, but Tessa,
if you're breathing this, get a hold of
me. I'm a firm believer in Jesus Christ,
and I first in foremost believe that he
truly saved my life on Tuesday
afternoon. More so than ever now, I'm a
firm advocate for the safety of Tesla. I
was hit head-on by a drunk driver who
plunged straight at. He was going so
fast he was ejected from his vehicle,
also not wearing a seat belt, but all of
my airbags deployed and my phone
automatically dialed 911. I was also to
walk away with swelling, bruising, and
fractured concern. The gentleman that
struck me was in ICU in a trauma center.
God is so good and merciful. I'm
thankful I was in Tesla feeling
emotional. Uh, this person's posted this
just saw this on f on Facebook and then
um this is the photos of the Tesla that
saved her headon collision
and um the Tesla is obviously damaged,
but she walked away from this head-on
collision because you see how
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This is why I explain to people
that Teslas are the safest cars in the
world. Why? Well, because they don't
have an engine. If you don't have an
engine, when you get hit from a head-on
collision, it doesn't go into the cabin.
And that whole empty area in the front,
it's all as they can use crumple zones.
That's what happened here. Those are
crumple zones to the point that the
cabin itself wasn't even intruded at all
from a head-on collision. So, I thought
that that was just a great uh important
thing to mention is safety was the first
thing you build and then from there you
go and do
&gt;&gt; combine this what we saw before on the
highway. I mean, these are things you
can do, right? I mean, if you're super
lucky and you're totally on top of your
game randomly, maybe, but in most
instances, you can't react like that.
&gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Joe. Appreciate this.
uh robo taxi full self-driving safety's
first and then of course now we are
waiting for scaling to happen but
there's lots of operations and
convenience things that they're working
on check out uh Joe's website
pioneerlands.org org. Thanks everybody.
Thank you. I've created a website that
is the most comprehensive resource for
the Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herbond.com.