Channel:     futureaza
Title:       How To Spot A Valuable Used Tesla
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnW69tmucL0
Published:   2026-07-11 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-11 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yeah. No, I think I I think that that uh
that kind of sums it up. We we don't
solve every possible thing like your
tread wear, but we put we give you a big
leg up on it and going to save you a lot
of time uh and really have you well
armed to go into any dealer and
negotiate a price down or to find a gem
that the dealer doesn't even know he
had.
&gt;&gt; About a week ago, we ran a video about a
neat little tool you can use to
determine the value of a used Tesla.
something that can show you not just
what kind of hardware it has, but what
kind of software it has installed and
what kind of future capabilities to save
you a bunch of money, whether you're
looking to definitely get FSD or
definitely not get it. And I asked John
from Boltwise to come on and answer some
of your questions. Actually, I asked in
the comments if we should have him on
and you guys said yes. So, here we are.
Uh, that's what we're going to discuss
today. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futura.
So, John, we've got uh the video went uh
well. Um you know, it's a review type
thing. Those don't always get the most
views on my channel, but the feedback
was, I thought, very valuable. So, uh
thank you for coming on. Um thank you
for giving me a referral code. So, if
anyone wants to uh use the service, you
can get 10% off and I can get a small
commission, which is very helpful for
everyone, I think. So, I appreciate
that. So, let's start with the the
hardest question of all. What made you
do this?
&gt;&gt; I mean, you you bought a Tesla, you just
bought FSD. Surely, how important could
it be to care about the used values?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Well, thank you for having me on my
on the show. I I really uh appreciate
it, and I'm really excited about the the
product that I've developed uh through
this. Um, I started out uh just having
an interest in knowing myself how to buy
and get a really good deal on a Tesla. I
had purchased my first Tesla, which was
a a 5-year-old Model S with FSD. I was
already interested in FSD, and this is
the time of version 11. And I was
looking for another Tesla that I want to
buy used for my wife. And what I found
was that uh both on the private side and
even on the dealer side, they didn't
always disclose and probably didn't know
what was the the guts of the vehicle. Uh
I was able to find a 2021 a year ago for
my wife with FSD for $20,000 plus we got
$4,000 discount for the used EV credit.
So, I bought a 2021 Model Y for $16,000
and I just I felt like they're out there
and the dealers don't even know. So, I
wanted to continue to to put that
together and be prepared if it comes
around to being able to create a fleet.
I wanted to be able to buy the ones that
would be efficient. Uh so, to do that on
a more on a scale, I had to create a
system. And that that's what I've done
is created a system where people can can
walk into a dealership or into a a
private sale and know more than the
dealer does.
&gt;&gt; I tell you, it is not uncommon for an EV
for us to go in knowing more than a lot
of the secondhand sellers do. U the
dealerships, they just know what color
it is. Uh now a funny thing you said to
me uh last week when we were talking
about this uh I said well can't you just
look at the I mean you on the listing it
shows the screen surely and you said
that they typically do show the screen.
What do they show?
&gt;&gt; Yeah they they show what radio stations
you can get and it's a beautiful display
picture but it adds no value or or no
indication of value of the car.
&gt;&gt; That's not helpful. That's like I mean
even if they'd showed the map at least
I'd know where the dealer is. Uh but no
they don't even do that. So that's not
that's not great. Uh you've got I'm
assuming a background in business. Um
what's that about?
&gt;&gt; Yeah I well I started off in the
military went to West Point and u and
did that for five and a half years
after. Uh went back to grad school uh
you was under engineering undergrad. I
went back to grad school and got an MBA
in finance and that's what really led me
to disruptive technology and Tesla. And
I think between the combination of my
interest in Tesla and disruptive
technology and really learning about AI
is really that gave me the tools to
create what I've done here. So, the tool
you've made sounds to me like uh is the
tool you wished you could have just
bought. Uh that you were looking and you
were having to do a lot of digging and a
lot of nonsense to try and find what
should have been front and center, but
the fact that it isn't front and center
is why it's not priced in.
&gt;&gt; That's exactly right. I mean, I found
myself uh going through dealer
inventories. Uh some dealers had a bunch
of Teslas and then perhaps the best
deals might be at a dealer that only
sold one or two in a month. Uh but you'd
have to go to each and every site. So
part of what we've done with Baultwise
is create an ability to seek for cars in
your geographic area or actually any
geographic area because you put the zip
code in and it will search within a 100
miles of that zip code. So, if I have
looked where I live, and I think where I
live, a hund within a 100 miles of here,
everyone is pretty hip to the game.
They're pretty savvy. But what if I'm
going to visit my cousin in, you know, I
don't know, Charleston or or Tuscaloosa,
and I could put in that zip code and
say, "Well, maybe I'll just buy a
one-way ticket and drive the car home."
Uh, I could do that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, no doubt. Uh what what I'm trying
to do is get to the point where we can
get as much information. We're always
continuing to improve the product. Uh
the one challenge we have right now is
the dealers don't put the screens in. So
we don't know all the information, but
what we do is we give the user the
opportunity to put in their filter. You
can put in I want a 23 or newer Model Y
figuring that you want to get hardware 4
and FSD and all those things and within
a 100 miles of the zip code that you
choose and it will find those cars and
you know we can see it will give you uh
the a picture of the car, the dealer
listing and then a link to the dealer
site. So you could very quickly get to
uh find out whether or not the car is uh
in with has the parameters that you're
looking for. It'll save people, you
know, tens of hours of time searching.
&gt;&gt; Certainly. Certainly. Um, so on that,
uh, one of the things I'd said in my
video and I wanted to get your feedback
on it. I'd said that this is valuable
for people because the big thing was if
you're looking especially at a 22 to 24
but really a 23 there was a lot of
changeover going on in those years with
the not just the hardware not just the
autonomy hardware from hardware 3 to AI4
but also the the processor in the car
the does it have the Intel does it have
the AMD does it you know which chip are
we
Uh so my question there is uh how much
of that stuff is shown like is is this
reliable? Does this work?
&gt;&gt; Well, if you feed a screen in u and by
screen I mean the software page off the
display and then right in the center of
the software page there's a a a change
of color that says AVI or or additional
vehicle information. If you upload those
two or if you manually take that
information off of those two and input
them into the system, you will have have
all all the details that that you need
except for maybe uh whether it has a
screen in the back in the back. But
we're continuing to add things like
that. And it's interesting we're getting
we're using AI and we're getting the
information wherever we can get it from.
We're taking some information from VIN
decoding uh which is helpful uh but not
always uh definitive. Tesla had
changeovers in the middle of the year
for different things and we can tell
from the VIN what month it was the the
car was made and what that tells us is
it gives us a likelihood of what side of
a changeover it's at, whether it's the
MCU or the hardware. Uh and then what we
do is as we assess cars, we take we
record that VIN that we we checked and
then definitively what it end up ended
up being and then we can close down that
that changeover period. Like let's say
the hardware 3 to four was like May,
June of 23 for the Model Y. And so right
now we have it so that anything April or
before we know is hardware three and
anything July or say August and after is
hardware four and that will continue to
get tighter and tighter so that we we
don't even miss those couple of months
of the change over.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha. And I'd also said that this is
valuable to people who definitely want
FST but also to people who definitely
don't which is still a lot of people
there. They might look at a 23 and say,
"Why are you priced at 38,000 when the
car doesn't have FSD and has only
hardware 3? You need to cut that price
back a bit." Is that was that a fair
thing of me to say?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that uh that's just as valuable.
Uh I find that the the people who value
cars and that's what we start with. We
start with a valuation that's well known
and public in the market. Uh but the if
you go by that valuation and your car
has none of those features, you're
actually paying too much because they're
averaging the the cars that have and the
h and that don't have to a certain
price. And you you don't want to pay
that median price if you're you're
buying a car with with with few of those
options,
&gt;&gt; right? So, you have an opportunity to uh
save, but you also have an opportunity
to negotiate. If some dealership is
using the average for the year, uh you
could tell them, "Yeah, but it's not an
average car. It's got the older older
setup." Uh what I wanted to ask you
about is um if you would show us the um
on the site here. This is your site.
Show us how uh this works. I mean,
especially what I'm especially
interested in is the find deals, but on
on just walk us through it.
&gt;&gt; What we're talking about today is the
buyer buyer pass product that we have.
If you're looking to buy a Tesla, what
we want to do is to show you the guts of
the of the Tesla you're looking at.
Additionally,
on the uh on the top right of the
screen, you'll see find deals. That's
the second part of uh the buyer side and
that is the search for cars around you
in the geographic area. But if we start
on on this uh on this page, what we want
to do is to photograph uh photograph the
uh uh the software page first. You just
click on take the photo and you could do
this on your phone. It it loads right up
to your phone. You take a picture, you
upload the picture, it will read the
screen. And then second here you've got
you've got the AVI photo. So if you if
you're at the car at the dealer or at a
private seller, you just take you say,
"Hey, can I just uh look at the look at
the dashboard, look at the display
screen, and you take those two
pictures." And what will happen is if
the picture is of decent quality, it
will fill in a bunch of details. But
let's say we're looking at a Model Y and
the upload prefills that. It will also
prefill from those two screens likely
most of these areas. Uh let's say let's
give it the u the changeover year. Uh
2023 Model Y. It will fill in the the um
the drivetrain whether or not it and
some years have uh rearwheel drive and
all-wheel drive as well as the
performance. But let's just say the 23
goes and defaults and or reads the
screen and gets to that. We defaulted
the mileage to 12,000 a year, but you
just type over it. If it's a high
mileage Tesla, you can just go go over
there and put 100,000 miles and it'll
calculate it based on that. Uh 23, as
you know, uh is either an AI4 or an AI3.
We don't know, but the screens did know,
and that should prefill. Again, if
you're if you're inputting it manually,
you can do that. You don't or you can
override, but the screens are are
definitive, so I wouldn't do that. So,
let's say it's it's built after July in
23 and it's a hardware 4. The next thing
that would also prefill, looks at the
software screen and it says FSD is
included package is the phrase that they
use and and so it would prefill that. Uh
if it has an expiration, that just means
it's on subscription, which is not
really worth much aside from the fact
this is a hardware 4, so you would have
to pay. And if it had an enhanced
autopilot, you get a discount currently
on the subscription. So it it calculates
that and gives uh gives you a little bit
of extra value above either expiration
or or or uh uh or none. Then it would
also it would it would either default or
you can select the the Ryzen. This of
course being late in 23 would be a an
AMD Ryzen and then you can select uh
from a number of other issues or or uh
features that it has. Uh and then what
you do is you just you click run
assessment
and what this we we created a kind of a
u a metal standard here. What what a
platinum car is is a hardware fourc car
with FSD and you can't get better than
that as far as uh autonomy which also
makes it one of the best or the the best
level for anyone considering to try to
put a car into a robo taxi network. And
we just give a little bit of a summary
about it. We talk about base value is in
the market for that car. And you'll see
that this one is $5,000 above the base
because of the fact it's got hardware 4
when the base here is a blend of
hardware 3 and hardware 4 because it's a
2023 and it's a blend of who has FSD
paid and who doesn't. What's the
difference? I mean, you've got 28,000 is
the blended amount. This is the premium
one. the base one, which would be a
hardware 3 with no FSD, would be
probably $1,500 below there. So, you're
looking at a very big difference. And
right now, I think you still have an
opportunity in the marketplace to find
ones where the dealer doesn't know that.
So, maybe the dealer listed the 28,000
and you're able and you're able to get a
car for, you know, that's worth 33,000
for about a $5,000 discount. And that's
kind of what I did manually to buy my
wife's car. And I think that difference
was over $10,000. But I think there's
still some deals out there where you can
make two three $5,000 below uh what what
you're paying for. So at this point,
even if even if you didn't really value
FSD, if you had this if you had a car
that was two cars that were available
and one had it and one didn't, why
wouldn't you want to buy it? buy the one
that had it because it has a higher
resale value.
&gt;&gt; And of course, the other thing is as FSD
gets stronger, I think the value of it
uh will will increase. People paid8 to
$15,000 for it. You don't get 8 to
$15,000 for it in the used market, but
maybe you get two and a half to four.
And if that's the range and that expands
over time as we go to uh to
unsupervised, you're going to have a
good deal. Uh, so and then after I've
give the price and the and the
difference and you can put the list
price here from the dealer just to kind
of get better numbers or the complete
picture. Then I just show you what the
what the assessments we we put $4,000
for hardware 4 FSD. We don't put so much
for hardware 3 FSD because of obviously
it needs to be needs to be um improved
over time. It needs to be upgraded. uh
and then this being the long range. So
this is uh you know we try to give as
much information and we also have it so
that if you're if you're listing maybe
this is your car and you're listing it
you can add other photos of the car and
then email a whole package to yourself.
Uh so even though this is a buy side
thing and in primary focus a seller of a
car could use this to assess his own
car. So, in a second here, I'm going to
ask you to show me the fine details. But
first, I wanted to mention to the
audience that if we want uh we can get
uh we can ask politely for John to come
back maybe next week uh to show us the
seller side of this uh because this part
is tailored for buyers. And this is
helping you with the tools you need to
do the buying. And when you purchase it,
it's good for 60 days. Is that correct?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's good for 60 days. And what
we've just added, Brian, that I hadn't
mentioned to you is that uh we will send
if you purchase it, we will send you a
note after 45 days and offer you to
extend that 60 days for $10 a month for
up to another six months. So, you have
the flexibility. The other thing, which
I think is really uh is client focused,
is when you purchase it, your 60 days
does not start until you do your first
assessment. So, you know, sometimes
people buy it and they're like, "Oh, I
didn't look at it for the first month
and now I only have 30 days left." And
we're not going to do that to anyone.
&gt;&gt; That's uh I think very very reasonable,
unusually reasonable. Uh so guys, uh in
the comments, let us know if John should
come back and discuss what the seller
side of this has to do. And we will be
answering your questions from the
previous video after we look at uh find
a deal.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, let's say we're we're using
the same theme and we go in there and we
say I want a Model Y and uh let's say we
put in 2023, but we only want 2023.
So, we'll put both the the beginning and
the end. And then mileage, it defaults
to 150,000. That's that's just our
choice. You can type over it. uh if you
have a mileage limit that you know some
people particularly ones who are used to
ice cars that uh that you know break
after a long time they they uh they
might want to want something under
100,000. You can do that.
&gt;&gt; Uh and so then we go down here and you
got more filters. You can put a max
price uh color uh the drivetrain. Let's
we can put all-wheel drive or uh or rear
wheel drive or any. Let's just leave it
at any. And then you put a zip code. Do
you want to want me to put a special zip
code in there, Brian, or you want me to
use mine?
&gt;&gt; Any you can anyone is fine.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is in the in the Moresville,
North Carolina area, just north of
Charlotte, Lake Norman. And then 100 is
the max radius that we can do through
through our vendor that provides that
that kind of search.
&gt;&gt; Yep. So, I hit search and it didn't give
you much feedback, but you it does
create a uh 50 cars that meet that
criteria. Now, what you'll see here,
like this first car,
&gt;&gt; we've taken uh we we've looked at the
the uh the dealer listing page and gone
into the particular listing that is this
car and found the VIN and inferred from
it based on when it was the month that
it was manufactured. Even though the
dealer might not have said it, this we
expect is a hardware 3,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, we've done a lot of research
there just to on every single one of
these cars.
&gt;&gt; So, you'll see lists the years, the
mileage, the current the asking price.
This dealer is an excellent dealer. He
he does a great job. He posts a lot of
screens that the other dealers don't. He
he's a very high volume seller in the
area. And then you can you can either
click here and request the screenshots
from the dealer if they're not there or
you can go into the dealer site and view
the listing. So as we go down here,
we'll go down two more. This is another
one from the same dealership. You can
see it says likely hardware 4. All
right. So this was built August or or
after. We have the mileage and we know
this car I might actually buy because it
is a hardware 4. It's got some mileage
on it, but look at the price on that. 26
$26,000.
&gt;&gt; That is a really good deal. Okay, so
even though I mean this car to me would
be absolutely perfect if it had FSD
paid, it does not,
&gt;&gt; but it's got hardware 4, so you suffer a
subscription. That's not as bad as
having to wait for a changeover from
hardware 3.
&gt;&gt; So you see, so we produce 50 50 listings
here. Now granted in my area there's
there's there's a lot of cars available.
Uh but from this you can find far more
quickly find the cars and search the
ones and reach out to the dealers uh to
either request more screens or to go see
go see the car. Uh so we think we can
shave tens of hours off of somebody's
search for the right uh for the right
Tesla.
&gt;&gt; And how many searches can I do with a
with a with my subscription to Boltwise?
Yeah, we we don't have a limit on on the
number of searches during the period.
So, I mean, you can go through and uh
and search. We we pay a little bit, but
it's not very much. We're paying for
screen capture and stuff. So, it's like
it's like a penny a picture. So, um we
don't restrict people for that. We want
people We want people to find the car
that they really are looking for.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I can't see anyone pulling
6,000 pictures. Uh, and if that's what
it takes you to find the car,
congratulations. You beat the system.
But, uh, that's that's a lot of work.
That would be a full-time job. Please
don't look at 3,000
different cars in person. Yeah, that's
that's crazy. John, is there anything
else on this you want to mention before
we get into I just had three good
questions from the from my review of it
that I wanted to run by you. Well, right
now it's set up uh to search for
dealers. Uh we are in the process of
adding private sales. We have a a source
where we can get some information about
people who uh who are selling privately.
Um that may not be totally
comprehensive, but I think it'll add
even more valuable more value. And
obviously in private sales, which are
typically going to be a couple of
thousand dollars less, there may even be
better deals in in in that area. So,
we're we're excited about where it is
today. We think it adds a lot of value.
Uh and I think it's going to get better
and better, much like the Tesla that you
have. We're going to do overtheair
updates uh and improve the system.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh so here we've got uh this
comment channel regular as you can see
by all the badges. Can you just run this
by typing in the VIN? And my take on
that was it wouldn't capture an FSD that
was purchased after the fact and it also
definitely wouldn't capture if they had
transferred it to a new vehicle during
one of those very unique windows. But uh
what what do you say?
&gt;&gt; Well, uh without knowing what this is,
I'll assume he means everything. And and
what what this is uh is like the mileage
on the car that's on the software page.
uh you know the uh the hardware of the
car. Uh what we get from the VIN uh is
really the the we we can get uh we can
get some of the details of the car but
not obviously not the mileage uh not the
hardware in it. We have to go to other
sources. And I I use uh I used the AI
and I talked to it. I said we're going
to have to Sherlock this one which was
obviously a reference to Sherlock
Holmes. And that's how we came up with
searching searching the VIN for early in
the year, late in the year kind of
transfers. So
&gt;&gt; there's the screens, those two screens
will give you 99% of what you need
really. And I just wish the dealers
would would publish them and and if
you're a seller of a Tesla, you're going
to put it on Facebook, take a picture of
the of what you have, you know, don't
don't hide it. I mean, I guess if you
don't have hardware 4 and you don't have
FSD, maybe you you you want to trick
somebody, but you disclose what you got
and let's be fair and and really extract
the right value for the car.
&gt;&gt; And when you don't show that
information, even if you're trying to
hide something, what you're going to end
up doing is wasting your own time, too.
&gt;&gt; No doubt.
&gt;&gt; Don't don't do that. Uh, next question
here that we had was, uh, wish there was
one place all or at least most used
Teslas for sale could be seen.
Individuals don't seem to try and sell
them to the public as much with Teslas,
so they are spread out on used car lots
as best I can tell. John, I I think you
got this one right.
Yeah, this was uh this was asked right
after you you published the last piece
and the piece that you did was really on
just the the buy side, not the and and
not the search. Uh so what we've done
here and and had in place uh is this
search uh feature to it which does
exactly that. You may go be able to go
to a dealer that's got 50 Teslas on his
lot and yeah, you're going to get to
search around there, but you're not
going to find that gem that's at a
dealer who only sells one or two a year
a a month and you may find it on our
screens that we're providing. So, we're
saving you that time. We're giving you a
compilation of all the ones in your
area.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I mean, it's not going to
scrape Facebook looking for those, I
imagine. But also, uh, Facebook has a
couple of problems with, uh, with fraud
and scams. So, I'm not sure I would buy
anything on Facebook anyway.
&gt;&gt; Well, you can find a deal. You can find
a deal on Facebook, but uh, but my what
I found is a lot of the cars are either
rebuilt titles and salvage titles. And
this is not what we're talking about. We
are not trying to price a salvage title
vehicle. These are all, we're assuming
clean title. And in fact on our search
feature, it does a quick search of the
federal database for whether or not the
title is has an issue. And we don't say
the title is clean. We say we don't see
an issue. So at least we've done a a
preliminary scan and and don't find that
it's a salvaged vehicle.
&gt;&gt; Right. And of course, always be vigilant
when you get there. Confirm everything
is as expected. Interesting product. I
wonder what it uses for determination of
current price. Uh, does it get sale
price data from DMV? Uh, and on either
of those screenshots, does it tell
battery life and condition? Why don't we
pause there and you can address those
before we move on because this has got a
lot of questions in it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. We start at at public
information that uh that are done by
professional companies that value the
cars, but what we find is that they make
a single generalization. Now, they might
provide a private a private sale price
and a dealer sale price, but they're not
they're not delineating at all between
the the hardware or the software, uh the
MCU screen, all the other all the other
little bits that uh that really drive
the value in these these robots of a
car.
&gt;&gt; So, what you're saying is industry
database. Um it's not something you came
up with from scratch, but the
adjustments are based on what you've
been able to determine.
&gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. We bracket
it pretty much. The ones that don't have
the have the the extras get get cut in
the price a little bit and then we add
for the the extra features that people
really want uh and are willing to pay
for like FSD or a hardware upgrade.
&gt;&gt; And it doesn't to answer the question it
does not show battery life and
condition. There is an app you can run
that will determine that. It takes quite
a while to run though. Uh so no that's
not a normal thing. uh that is
advertised anywhere. Um, of course, it
doesn't show tire tread depth,
scratches, dense, cracked glass, all of
those affect value. Yes. Uh, I this is
not trying to replace going to look at
the car yourself. A lot of those should
show up. A lot of dealers now are doing
20, 30 pictures for the car. Um, and
another variable, if you buy used on the
Tesla website, they automatically extend
the warranty by 1 year and 12,000 miles.
I think on the other hand they charge
a,000 to 12 uh to 2,000 more to move the
car to your destination. Uh but still if
this product will confirm hardware
version and whether it has lifetime FSD
purchased that would answer a lot of
question. Sellers often don't know and
then said thank you for demoing on two
cars. Uh any any final thoughts on that
before we wrap it up?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I think I I think that that uh
that kind of sums it up. We we don't
solve every possible thing like your
treadwear, but we put we give you a big
leg up on it and going to save you a lot
of time uh and really have you well
armed to go into any dealer and
negotiate a price down or to find a gem
that the dealer doesn't even know he
had.
&gt;&gt; Because a lot of times this I mean I
can't say this tool is for everyone.
Some people don't care. Some people to
some people a car is a car. to some
people. My Blazer has FSD, too. No, it
doesn't. No, it does not. It has It has
a very soft lane keep, but all right.
All right. You're happy with that.
You're just a car is just a car. This
tool will help people who know what they
want. Uh and uh maybe, you know, you can
get a chance to see some things that you
didn't otherwise know. There was another
comment that I saw where someone said
that uh a salesman at a used lot told
him that only the refreshed Junipers,
the Model Y's, had hardware 4. And he's
like, "Yeah, that's I know that's not
true because he was trying to get him to
he was trying to push a hardware 3 car."
&gt;&gt; Ah, you know, not the world is not
entirely filled with honest people, I
guess, is what I would say to that. So,
uh, guys, in the comments, the biggest
question I have is, should we bring him
back to find out about the seller side?
Yes, it can make a seller report. Walk
us through how cool it is, what it does,
and all that. I haven't played with it
because I'm not selling a car. Uh, but I
think it's interesting. And so, in the
comments, let me know if we should do
that. We can do that probably next week.
And everybody else, uh, you know, what
do we miss? What do we misunderstand?
Leave it in the comments below. And
everyone else, like, subscribe, and stay
tuned. Stay juicy. and I cannot wait to
see you clever robots behind the wheels
of your own clever robots.