Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla’s Signals Are More Mixed Than They Seem
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gC59StEJEJA
Published:   2026-04-03 13:31 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-03 13:50 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Good news and bad news for Tesla. It
seems it depends on how you look at it.
On one hand, Optimus 3 reveal is
delayed. Elon Musk announced the bot is
walking around, but still needs
finishing touches before it's ready to
be shown. On the other hand, FSE version
14.3 is now being tested by employees
and might go wide release before Sunday.
Both Tesla deliveries and energy
deployment were slight disappointments,
but SpaceX IPO seems to be right on
track. So, which of these actually
matter? We got the bulls here with us
today. We got the rational, also known
as Mr. They're incredible. The executive
Jeff Lutz. We got the botbull, the
master forecaster, the slayer of
spreadsheets, CERN Basher. Welcome,
guys.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Herbert. Hey, Herbert. How are you?
&gt;&gt; Good. Thank you. We're going to find out
how we are. The stock has fallen. Want
you guys to explain what is happening
with Tesla. We'll talk first about the
stock. We'll talk about the deliveries
that just dropped this morning. We've
got FSE version 14.3. I think the
biggest news. And then there's other
news that importance BYYD and SpaceX.
Let's start with uh the stock. Uh if I
took a look at the last 6 months here
were here's where we at. It went to the
high in December. Uh well, not the high.
Yeah, actually it was it did break
through, right? The all-time high and
then it just steadily fell down. Now we
are at 360. Uh today it fell even more
after the Q1 results. Uh Jeeoff, what is
going on with the stock?
the company and the product. I don't
look at the quarterly stock movement.
&gt;&gt; A very realistic bull questioning
certain decisions.
&gt;&gt; The rational bull. We enjoy listening to
bears.
&gt;&gt; We're looking for the red flags. You're
supposed to react.
&gt;&gt; The longerterm opportunity for Tesla is
like no other company that I've ever
seen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, if you start at a macro
level, all of big tech kind of peaked in
October, November of last year. Then
it's been under pressure under this kind
of this AI trade. Uh Tesla's kind of a
bit of its own thing though, and it
reaked in December and it's, you know,
it's been down the better part of the
year. Obviously, we know what's happened
over the last four to five weeks with
macro and anything with long duration
earnings risk. you know, when when
interest rates are under this kind of
pressure, especially the 10-year, it's
going to put some of these stocks under
pressure. Um, you know, there's headline
risk. Obviously, we let's we get into
the deliveries for today. Headline algo
risk. Again, this is Wall Street analy
this isn't a Tesl Tesla didn't forecast
their Q1 deliveries. They don't they
don't do that. But, you know, there's a
Wall Street consensus, there's a
Bloomberg consensus, there's a Refinitiv
consensus, there's a couple more.
There's like four or five of them that
do their own consensus forecast. And
they were all in this 36x
range to 375K
range. And Tesla came in at 358K. Now,
Tesla's own Wall Street consensus where
they I think they went through 25
analysts was at 365K. So 7,000 unit miss
to that. Nothing here that honestly
stands out too much. We're going to talk
about uh production versus deliveries in
a bit. Uh but that, you know, that Model
3 Y number is healthy. It's about 7% up
versus Q1. Now, fortunately, when you're
on X, it's a very polarizing place or
even in the media, it's a very
polarizing place. So this time last year
when
Tesla showrooms were being attacked, uh
Elon was a special government employee,
yada yada, the protests, everything
relating to Tesla deliveries was uh
relating to that and if there's a if
there was downward pressure is because
of that even though they were changing
out their number one product that's
about 65 or 70% of its production uh
starting in Q4 in China and then through
the first half of Q1 in 2025. And we
would bring that up, you know, studying
the the the name and we would bring up,
hey, they're they're taking their
factory lines down. This is why they're
there isn't supply of their number one
product, which will affect sales. But
now that we're doing we're now that
we're 7% higher than last year and most
of the auto other automakers are lower
year on year, now the now that comp
comes out of like, oh well, Tesla was
doing a major manufacturing change this
time last year. But anyway, it's kind of
one-sided comp conversations because
that's a comp on one hand. The other
hand is you had the $7,500 US tax credit
that existed in Q1 of 2025 and now
that's gone. You also had uh federal
government credits or subsidies in China
for EVs
um that were gone as of January 1st of
this year and and looks like from the
numbers Tesla China did great uh even
with those gone. So, I think where this
leaves us is a little bit of weakness on
vehicle delivery. Uh, and then on
energy, and we'll get into vehicle
production in a bit, and then on energy.
Energy is a is a lumpy business. It
doesn't really operate in these 90-day
windows very succinctly. There could be
something related to Revreck, something
related to an installation. You want to
look at energy at least on a six-month
time frame, preferably on an a trailing
annualized time frame to really know
where you're at because you're it's
going to be lumpy. You're going to have
quarters where we overproduce and over
and we're going to have quarters where
there where it's light. I mean, this is
light relative to consensus 88 to 14.
So, there's no sugar coating that. But
just my recommendation with energy is to
kind of look at whether it's favorable
or unfavorable. look at in in larger
chunks than these 90-day
windows. Now, uh and I'll turn it over
to CERN. So, if you look at production
back on vehicles, there's some people
that are concerned
that we produce 50,000 more vehicles
than we sold. Uh so, first off,
inventory is normal. You don't want
inventory to be zero. If inventory is
zero, you're not you're not going to be
selling product. So there's and then the
next thing in supply chain 101, you want
your inventory at a threshold to where
you're preventing stockouts at all your
locations. So you want the ability for
somebody to walk into a Tesla service
center and at least have the
opportunity, maybe not all models are
available in all colors, but you want a
better than you want a a decent chance
of somebody being able to walk in and
and get a car the same day or within a
couple of days. And at 12 to 15 days of
inventory, which is where the last two
Q4s have come in at, uh, you're really
under supplied because there it takes a
while for product to get from the
factory to any point of distribution.
That's that that two couple of weeks is
actually the median time to get product.
So if you have a two week transit time
and you have 15 days of inventory, which
is what we left Q4 with, you're
essentially under supplied and you're at
a point where you're blocking sales. So
anyway, and these numbers could vary a
bit. I feel a lot more comfortable with
Tesla in the high teens or 20s for
inventory. I know CERN, uh, you've made
a couple of charts on this, but just
closing off on the inventory piece. I'm
not concerned about this number. I don't
think it it means anything significant.
Uh, I'm fine with it. Actually, if you
look at the rest of the auto in the US,
for example, the total new car inventory
for all OEMs is around 90 days of
inventory. If you look at it, just EVs
alone, it's 130 days of inventory in the
US. In Tesla is running at 28. Uh, so
Son, if you want to go through this as
well and some of that trend.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, this is an interesting
chart. It goes all the way back to
September of 2012. And you can certainly
see in the first half of this chart,
Tesla's inventory ranged up in the '
50s60s there for a while. And you you
would say if you're just looking at that
left side that 28 would be maybe the
midpoint. There were certainly some
quarters where it was less. And then we
went through the pandemic period. And
now that that you kind of think is is
kind of normal, but it wasn't. That was
a very abnormal period where they didn't
really have any inventory at all. They
were running running very very lean. And
now that we're getting back up to 20
days, pe 28 days or so, people are
freaking out that that that's somehow
abnormal. No, it's the period that we
were just in not that long ago. That was
the really abnormal part. The other
thing, too, you have to realize is when
when Tesla makes a car on the production
line, it doesn't just magically show up
in the in the in the Tesla service
center after it's produced. It takes a
while to be shipped. In some cases
around the world, they have to ship it
from Shanghai to South Korea to
Australia to New Zealand to Europe. Uh
even in the United States, it's got to
go on a train and a truck. It takes it
takes a while for these vehicles to get
to where they need to go. And I estimate
for Tesla globally, it's an average of
about 3 weeks. And in inventory terms,
that's 18 days. In inventory deals with
six day week instead of a 7-day week.
So, if you take that 28 days and you
back out 18, you get to what I call a
true inventory number of something
closer to 10. And that's that's pretty
lean.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, you know, other automakers would
would die, I think, to have a inventory
number like that. And as Jeff pointed
out, for the industry, it's far higher
than when Tesla runs. And so I find it
actually kind of humorous that people
kind of freak out that Tesla has, you
know, 28 days of inventory when in
reality it's something less than that.
Um, there's a lot of people that that
when they go to buy a car, they want to
buy a car today. And if they don't get
the car today or over the weekend,
they're looking for they're looking
somewhere else. A lot of people aren't
used to this idea that you need to order
a car and wait a while for it. And maybe
if you've bought a Tesla before, then
that's not such a foreign concept. But a
lot of people that might be new to Tesla
are not used to that. So I think Tesla's
learned that they need to have a certain
amount of inventory on hand if they can.
And as Jeff mentioned, you know, that's
not always possible. So I think 28 days,
30 days, even a little bit higher is
perfectly fine.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And this will impact you cash
relative to prior quarters a bit. But in
terms of its relative inventory,
relative to the industry, relative
what's needed to maintain stock, we
would measure this as a producer of a of
a product. You would measure your
instock percentage at your retail
locations and you would want to maintain
a certain stock level because as you
fall below that stock level, you you you
reduce and depress your sellout
velocity. So that's what you not want to
do. So anyway, nobody's making excuses.
There was a consensus out there of
365,000 to 372,000 units and Tesla
shipped 358,000.
Uh there was a consensus of 14.4 gawatts
of energy and Tesla shipped 8.8. I mean
those are the facts, but in terms of his
inventory, this isn't concerning in
terms of missing a consensus by 7,000
cars. That that's not the valuation of
Tesla. I know CERN is goes through this
weekly until he's blew in the face, but
Tesla's not trading over 300 with with
Herbert. Tesla's not trading over 300 PE
because of of car sales. Uh so we'll get
into more of that. There's more fun
stuff to go through here in a bit. And
we'll also compare and Tesla did regain
the crown of most EV shipments in the
quarter. BYD was considerably lower and
they were about 30% lower than their Q1
comp of the prior year. So again, I
heard all kinds of weird things
comparing Tesla to Q4, like a holiday,
you know, the like the biggest selling
season to Q4 to Q1 comp. I don't I don't
know who's even doing this. They don't
do it for the other car makers, but uh
there were most car makers were under
pressure in Q1. And uh but again, not
making an excuse. Uh but Tesla didn't
forecast. This is a consensus number.
It's a little bit lower, but I I think
all in all, structurally sound, the big
things we need to hear from Tesla in
this upcoming earnings is where we at
with the roll out of robo taxi.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah, since we're talking about uh
automakers and Tesla, let's talk about
BYD. today just to put everything in
perspective because everybody's again
looking at the Q1 deliveries and they're
shocked that it's like a few thousand
lower than the consensus but by cut
100,000 jobs uh workforce down 10%
because of EV growth uh is just
absolutely just killing them at this
point. So now they have 870,000
employees
uh instead of a million. Uh and this is
coming right after four quarters in a
row and of reduction and I think you
were alluding to it 19% reduction in
profit in the last quarter alone. So
these guys are in trouble uh serious
trouble. Meanwhile, Tesla, yes, they are
a as a car company. It's that's you
know, I I I predict I was the only one
who actually said I didn't expect Qid
and deliveries to be higher than the
consensus. I thought it was going to be
lower and it was shocking that the
majority of uh analysts both retail and
even Wall Street were higher than this
number. So, you're setting yourself up.
It's all about expectations.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I know Herbert, one other thing
that came up is people are like, well,
hey, with with the price of oil, you
think a lot of Teslas would have just
been
&gt;&gt; sold.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And and yeah, there's a recency issue
here there and certain went through some
of the timelines to get product from a
factory to uh so what Tesla will do is
they will look at the elasticity of
their demand. and they'll look at it in
various regions and see if there's a big
uptick in terms of website visits,
people configuring cars, calls and
requests, even orders. They they have a
daily view of their of all these stats
and they'll they'll adjust. So, I
actually I am I do not feel good like I
did not feel good of leaving Q4 with 15
days of inventory because then you're
going to have a soft January. You're
going to be under supplied. Uh I feel a
lot better actually at these inventory
levels of having a big Q2 and Teslas
tend to overperform uh in Q2. Now this
BYD
piece uh it's it's actually it's good
for them to to to trim and this I I I
it's actually an encouraging thing. Now
the reason they're trimming if you look
what's happened with their cash and
their net income and you look what's
happening with their vehicle sales I
mean there there's a reason they are
trimming. There's there's different
reasons for different companies to do
things. Tesla's doing massive investment
on infrastructure, on brand new product
lines, and so forth. And people will
say, well, look, well, Tesla's net
income, it's down over the last couple
years as well, but so are their units.
And BYD units, except for this quarter,
at least on an annual basis, had have
been increasing. And what the weird
cocktail we got at the end of last year
is increasing unit volume and decreasing
net income in the same quarter. And that
tells you that those underlying problems
of supplier payment days and so forth,
all that coming in that that they
they're falling under a bit of a cash
crunch. So, I don't think we're here
saying they're going out of business uh
or anything, but they did significantly
fall in terms of unit output for EVs
and that and their cash position. I
mean, they that's a that's a very big
reduction in force to to go through
given given their size of their base.
It's interesting, Herbert, when you look
at gas prices.
I think that that occupies a pretty big
uh sort of psychological space in many
people because they're filling up their
their their tank on a regular basis and
they're paying so much more for it. So,
it's like they're getting punched in the
gut, you know, a couple times a week or
whatever it is. And I think that
actually that could be a surprising
positive for Tesla in Q2 and a global
phenomenon, too, which will be
interesting to see how this plays out.
And it'd be interesting to see, you
know, how strong of a demand lever is
that versus, you know, subsidies that
these governments were offering that
they've since pulled back on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I'm not confident about that for
the following year because there's just
too many variables. You got the war. Oil
prices could jump in even double or 100
barrel $100 a barrel or it could fall
pretty quickly.
&gt;&gt; And you know how people are. They're
very fickle. They'll they'll forget that
this gas prices shot up to $7 per
gallon. They'll just completely forget
about it. What what and then interest
rates, right? Given what's happening in
a macro, is interest are interest rates
going to fall? Who knows? Probably not
anymore. So, at this point, that's
what's, you know, the albatross around
car sales. But at the very same same
time, this is when Tesla's starting to
roll out full self-driving. full self
driving is becoming incredibly uh
valuable now. People are starting to
recognize this. The latest stat that we
I saw recently was that uh you know the
the the the over 50% of people are using
FSD and who pay for it 90% or the 50% of
people who pay for it keep using it once
they have it and then they're using it
for 90 to 100% of the time. So it's
crazy numbers. It's becoming really
good. So, when Tesla rolls this out,
this is the big news of the week. Elon
announced that FSE version 14.3 is in
Tesla employees hands right now. The
beta version, they're using it. They're
testing it. And he's saying it will
probably go to wide release end of this
week. So, we're going to publish the
show on Friday. Might come out before
the end of the week. Maybe. Maybe it's a
week late. It's us. It's I would expect
it to be a week late. But the idea that
if 14.3 is so good, better than what we
have now, which is already so good,
could I mean this whole this discussion
we just had right now about Q1
deliveries and people buying the cars
and oh no, people are not buying as
much. This is just going to be old news.
At least within what, a year from now,
this will not even matter anymore. And
then where is BYD's version? Did you
guys know what happened to BYD recently?
their their news was that they have
God's eye and it's terrible reviews.
Customers are complaining about it.
Terrible maps, terrible, you know,
experience. They're nowhere near having
that. So, other car companies as well,
what is their version of their full
self-driving? And Tesla's now one
magnitude higher. So, what are you guys
expecting with version 14.3? Is it a big
deal?
&gt;&gt; Well, Herbert, just kind of pulling a
couple of these topics back together. If
you were to ask me the price of oil,
what's going to happen in terms of
vehicle sales, I would say if if Tesla
had a ramped up robo taxi fleet, people
would be more inclined to uh to fill
that out versus buying 4045,000
$50,000 vehicles. I think the people at
those levels of, you know, buying 40 to
50,000, they care about the price of
oil, but they care less than the people
that are buying cars that are in the,
you know, 18 to 25 $30,000
range. So, I think having a ramp this to
this doesn't invalidate any of that. In
fact, it probably pushes more people to
to transit of that type. Uh 143, we
don't know what's in the release. It's
been talked up significantly in terms of
reasoning being the final piece of the
puzzle. We need to see what's in it.
Sometimes Tesla has to start with a set
of point releases where some of the
functionality is not there and then they
bring it in over time. But we I think
you know going back to Elon statement of
this 90-day period, this quarter 2 is a
big deal for the company. And I think
this this being the last piece of the
puzzle, I think that's a it may be the
biggest part of it. And then followed by
CyberCap deployment and then eventually
revealing Optimus V3.
&gt;&gt; Our hopes and expectations are high for
14.3
and probably for good reason because
Elon's been talking it up over the last
few months. Um I hope that they deliver
on that. Um it's exciting. The
possibilities are very exciting. Um, and
we'll we'll know soon enough.
It seems very clear to me when you look
at what they're preparing on the robo
taxi side that they're preparing for a
significant ramp at some point
relatively soon.
It wouldn't make sense to stockpile
vehicles in various cities across the
country if you didn't plan something
relatively soon. For example, if it was
going to be a Q4 ramp, then why would
you send the vehicles there now where
that wouldn't make any sense? So, I
think Q2 is the likely time period where
we're going to see uh a bunch of new
cities opened up. Um, and of course,
that coincides beautifully with the
start of production for Cyp.
And again, those vehicles are going to
be put in service right away.
So, I I am quite optimistic about Q2 and
and what we see with this. Uh, and
certainly FSD 14.3 is is part of all
that. And it seems to me it's sort of
all coming together.
Um, not that I necessarily think that Q
Q2 suddenly sets us off on this massive
ramp. Uh, the ramp still may be measured
and it may be more tied to production of
Cyber Cap. Um, but at some point they
will be able to ramp much faster than
they have been, which has been very
slow, granted.
Um, I I sort of have the feeling that
the Q2 is the start of that. Uh, and
Elon's been hinting that Elon the other
day somebody was talking about how
people just don't understand, you know,
the company. And Elon's like, I've been
telling him, you know, I've it's haven't
been hiding anything. I've been saying
it's I guess it's to the point where a
lot of people now feel like, well,
Elon's kind of like the boy who's cried
wolf so much that now they don't listen
to anything he says.
&gt;&gt; He's the boy who cried FSD. Didn't he
say that one time?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
But it it could very well be that this
is the quarter. We're version 14.3
if if it's that good. You know, we were
we were so close already with even with
the previous version in terms of um you
know safety. That's the critical
benchmark.
&gt;&gt; But it gets it to that one. Hopefully
this is what turns out to be that that
was what they were waiting for because
otherwise why are they why haven't why
why have we been watching for the last 3
months? We keep reporting uh all these
hirings, 18 cities now of these
autopilot folks. Most recent hire was a
nighttime
uh person who does support for these
cyber cabs at nighttime to clean them uh
24/7, right? And there's actually a
nighttime shift. Why are they hiring all
this? Putting the infrastructure in
place. We're watching all these cyber
cabs being built, being driven in many,
many cities. We're watching validation
vehicles in many cities. I've lost count
which city it's been spotted in because
it's everywhere. Why do they do that
then? The most likely reason is they're
waiting for 14.3
to have final checks and get get it uh
finalized and get it out there and then
they're going to start doing the roll
out. We already know that there is all
these vehicles uh in parking lots,
fleets of Model Y's with the rear camera
washers in the in the parking lots of at
least four cities that's been spotted.
So, they're getting set up and ready to
go, hoping that it is 14.3. That's the
final safety barrier. Uh, once you got
this, we get going.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, Tesla's clearly seen
something, Herbert, that
&gt;&gt; that that triggered these hirings that
triggered the the vehicles being
deployed in four or five more cities
that triggered all the vehicle testing
in the next 5 10 cities. So, they've
clearly seen something. they they they
see this many many weeks in advance in
terms of their testing and they can
compare it relative to a pre-release
version of 142 and understand the
relative jump that they've made in
performance and in closing off on these
edge cases. So,
so we'll have lot to see. But CERN is
correct. They they wouldn't and I've
brought this up multiple times. Tesla's
a very capital efficient, very
conservative company as it relates to
both expense and capital and they
wouldn't be deploying the vehicles. And
somebody asked me this morning too is
was part of this inventory, you know,
building up robo taxis and the answer is
a small portion of it. Um, but it it
Tesla wouldn't be doing what they're
doing if if they weren't confident. It
doesn't mean that there's not going to
be a point release or two or three
that's needed on the 143 series. I think
people should be should be ready for
that. But this is one of those things
where if he says this many cities by
June 30th, you gota mentally you have to
put 30 60 90day window around these
promises. And not know not that they've
already shifted as well because this
isn't they're not going off of a
template. This is new to the industry
type stuff. So, um, anyway, the final
thing too, I just wanted to go back to
this this BYD god's eye thing is when
these things come out and when they come
out in the media and when BYD announced
this or they announced their fast
charging and these other things, most of
the analysts actually don't go in and do
the very detailed homework about what
they're talking about. they just want to
jump on to X and say the word God's eye
and say that I've always, you know,
thought that, you know, these things
would be copied very quickly and there'd
be a very little gap between Tesla and
these other competitors. I think as in
either investors or people following the
company, you just have to go back to
very simple facts.
Name another OEM where you can go to
their dealership, the place of where
they sell cars, schedule a test drive,
sit in the car, type in an address, put
your hands on your lap, and have the car
drive you from that dealership to that
address. The answer still today in North
America and honestly Europe right now
and soon to be China is there's one OEM
that can do that. And you just have to
keep going back to those simple facts.
It doesn't mean that that will always be
true, but for all the noise out there
saying like, "Oh, this and Alameo and
there isn't anything else."
And they're probably not even close in
terms of no matter what you see in a
test drive or a 90-second YouTube video,
there's a big difference between that
and this long tale that Tesla and Ashoke
and Elon talk about in terms of getting
these final edge cases solved. What do
you take about this, Jeff, when when he
said FSE is in Tesla employee beta now?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I I think it's there. It's just
it's passed. So, there's component
development. There's integration
uh inside of the the the Tesla AI team.
They've been running this for a period
of time. Once it's ready to go to
employees, it's something that, you
know, you feel really good about. And
that's the final stage or so before
going to the the early release public
&gt;&gt; early adopters
&gt;&gt; candidates.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then we you guys both kind of
brushed off what you thought FSE 14.3 is
going to deliver. You said we don't
know.
&gt;&gt; Can you
&gt;&gt; I think that's fair
&gt;&gt; of a guess educated guess. What are you
expecting? I'm expecting final final
edge cases to be solved in terms of
uh how it acts on driveways and curbside
and and polishing up how it deals with
emergency vehicles. Yeah. And just these
edge cases that are are fairly
repeatable. Um I'd like to see them that
all be polished up. And
I would say the other I mean there's
other big functionality out there like
banish is that going to be in where you
jump out of your vehicle and and it goes
and parks itself. Parking lot behavior
too. How it acts in parking lot mapping
behavior and how it is it finding you
the fastest route. Is it following the
map precisely? Um and then maybe some
more advanced Grock integration. That's
what I would like to see.
&gt;&gt; I was going to ask you that because
reasoning is the I think the big thing.
10 10 10x parameters allows for
reasoning which allows for better
parking lot planning, better banish uh
better edge cases. But the Grock
integration for me that was to me the
final piece if you had asked me which is
what is the final piece required? It's
Grock which is me being able to verbally
say tell the car I don't want to park
here, park me further down or you know
stop the car here something like that.
uh if but I heard that that won't come
in until you have uh AI5 chip and so
I've stopped believing that that is the
final piece but that to me would be the
true final piece to really be able to
control the car verbally.
&gt;&gt; It's interesting though because I'm not
sure that the FSD project is ever really
done. There's always going to be
improvements that will need to be made.
&gt;&gt; That's correct.
&gt;&gt; The question is is it finished enough?
is it's quote unquote solved enough that
robo taxi without supervisors at scale
begins to make sense. That day is
coming. We don't know exactly when. And
I think we just have to be honest about
that. We don't know when. It's it's
taken longer, I think, than all of us
hope for. I don't really necessarily
find fault with the team. I don't blame
Elon for, you know, missing his
promises.
This has just been a hard thing to
solve. And I think it flies in the face
of all the people that say that these
other automakers are going to magically
catch up. They're going to be on the
same long road if they're going to go
down this road as well. And in fact, I'm
I'm not sure that any of them are going
to make it. Sure, maybe Nvidia's giving
them better tools than what Tesla
started with. That's great. You're
you're getting out of the blocks faster,
but they still have to go down this
road. You know, from my personal
experience in using FSD, I use it
literally for everything. There's a few
things in parking lots and so on that
that I take over because I just have
preferences and FSD doesn't know my
preferences yet. At the point that I'm
able to talk to the vehicle and tell it
my preferences, that's going to be very
exciting. Again, I don't have that
expectation for this release for that,
but down the road that that's coming.
But FSD is so good. I don't want to
drive anymore. It actually is a far
better driver than I am now. For a long
time, I would say I'm still better than
FSD now. I would not say that FSD is a
better driver than me in almost every
way at this point. That's how far we've
come and we're we're at a very exciting
spot. Now Tesla knows exactly all the
different edge cases that are coming up
that are repeatable that are a problem
and we personally see some of those
things. Uh near where I live, there's an
apartment building that has some uh
metal balloons out front and FSD
consistently thinks that's a stop sign.
And actually, it's actually kind of
humorous now for my family because now
we stop at this sign with these balloons
on it.
&gt;&gt; That's right. What are metal balloons?
&gt;&gt; It's It looks like balloons, but they're
metal. So that they
&gt;&gt; Why?
&gt;&gt; Well, so that they withstand the weather
that it can rain and it can be cold and
the balloons to look like balloons. So,
it's just a sign basically. It's a
thing. It's a thing here in Texas. All
these apartment buildings have these
metal balloons outside to get your
attention.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And it's captured FSD's attention
because it thinks it's a stop sign. I
thought a metal balloon was a blimp, but
uh take a picture for a CERN. And uh one
other one other expectation Herbert and
CERN that I had in 143 are these updated
visualizations.
And I think that would also bring FSD
into
the mainstream because we see what's
happening with ray tracing, what what
Nvidia GPUs can do with video gaming.
And if that could occur real time
in term something very close with really
cool graphics that that itself is kind
of sells itself if it it can really look
like some of the renderings that we're
seeing. So another expectation
&gt;&gt; what do you guys think is more
important? Um one is uh the unsupervised
vehicles in Austin or other cities but
most likely Austin uh because 14.3 drops
then they you start seeing a you know
increase in inflection point of number
of unsupervised in Austin or is it
actually seeing four cities five cities
seven the all the se six five cities
that they said that they were going to
announce to hit by June but mo those
will probably start with supervised
people sitting in the cars because we're
we're watching them setting the stage
and I don't see the actual connection
between, you know, launching a city with
supervised hired people versus why can't
you do that now cuz you and I we are all
using our own cars as supervised people
now and I we're all going to tell you
that it works in my city in your city
and it's not even one of the seven
cities that it's been tested in. you
know that they seem to be separated from
me or are they connected? But uh you
know which one of those the obvious
answer is the unsupervised is what
matter matters more.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think if if I was in charge
of this program I would be very
interested in trying to find a way to
get to unsupervised
and scale that rather than try to scale
the supervised in some way.
&gt;&gt; Well interesting.
&gt;&gt; The unsupervised I think is good maybe
initially for a few cars to get a
presence and they've done that.
Certainly in Austin have done that in
the Bay Area. In the Bay Area, there's
something like 450 vehicles there. So
the question is how much do you want to
scale up a temporary solution? Now if
you need to do you know ground truth
kind of work in these other cities then
then that makes sense to have a group of
supervisors and these vehicles to help
them with that. But I'm not sure that's
really the purpose. They have other
other test vehicles that they can use
for that purpose. But it seems to me
that the promise of robo taxi is
unsupervised,
you know, ideally cyber cab. And I think
we're going to see the two of those come
together this quarter with the
production of cyber cab starting and
then more and more unsupervised
vehicles. I hope they get to the point
where they feel like they can roll it
out more aggressively than they have
been. And I think that's going to be the
key moment.
&gt;&gt; The only counter to what you're saying,
is some people have told me that the
people who are hired to do the actual
supervision of these, you know, robo
taxis, they will be used. They'll be the
same people that will be, you know, um,
cleaning up the cars, plugging in,
charging at night time. They just get
transferred to the service center rather
than sitting in a car.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's great. And that's
great. And that helps them scale.
Instead of them sitting in one car, they
can be working on 15 different cars over
time, right? This more scalable that way
if if they don't have to have people
inside the vehicles.
So that's encouraging. The hiring, I
think, in these different cities is very
encouraging. Again, as as Jeff mentioned
that Tesla's very careful careful about
how they spend capital. Doesn't make
sense to hire a bunch of people and have
them sit there and do nothing for months
and months and months, right? So, I
think that they're very close to opening
up these other cities that we've seen
all these vehicles in. And again, if I
was in charge of the program, I' I'd be
very interested in trying to get to the
point right from the get-go. And I think
from a marketing perspective, too,
that's much more powerful
to have these cyber cabs that people
haven't seen that are driving
themselves.
um that's going to get the attention of
a lot of people.
&gt;&gt; Do you think that the plan has changed?
Cuz Elon as late as January 22nd said
that every time we launch a city for 3
months, there will be a supervised
person there first looking for those
weird intersections.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that may be part of it,
but I think as time goes on that time
period gets shortened because they
figure out ways of doing that more
efficiently.
And you know pro it's probably probably
the case that you know all cities in
Texas are very similar in terms of the
way the road system works and then you
go to a new state let's say Arizona it
might be slightly different there but
once you train in Phoenix then you're
good in other cities in Arizona because
it's just very similar the way each
state works. So I think there's kind of
some economy of scale as they begin to
scale this out that I don't know that
that Dallas is you know laid out
differently that much differently than
Houston or or Austin. There may be
certainly there's in every city there's
always some weird intersections
somewhere
you know so they have to sus that kind
of stuff out and I'm sure they already
know with the FSD data that they have
from all the vehicles where the problem
areas potentially are
&gt;&gt; yeah they should
&gt;&gt; yeah so it's just a matter of of maybe
perhaps focusing the training of the
vehicles a little bit in those spots
some intersection where there's you know
seven roads coming together at once or
something that they need to focus the
training on but the the process I think
of rolling out unsupervised and city
after city after city should get shorter
and shorter and shorter. I don't think
necessarily there's a 3-month period in
every city where they have to go through
the exact same laborious process. It
should become easier over time.
&gt;&gt; Agree. But they will start supervised.
And I think if you're following the
company, your fan, your investor, I
think that's what you want. You don't
want them taking tremendous risk. Other
thing is I'd like to see this
legislation whether it's an executive
order like I don't know when anything is
scheduled to go through Congress and we
see what's happened in the first couple
months of the year just not even funding
major organizations. So I I think the
buildup I think what you know these uh
working workshop sessions that have had
with multiple companies hopefully just
there's an executive order with five or
10 of the key uh needs and I hope one of
them is also federally protecting these
vehicles or making it a serious offense
if if these vehicles are harmed in any
way. We're seeing a lot of that happen
with Whimos and hopefully there's
there's some mechanism for that and of
course the big thing is just getting a
consistent standard across the states
which there's a lot of lawsuits that are
happening right now in other areas where
states are trying to exert more power
over things that should be more
federalized. uh and make again we we as
a country we're competing with other
countries and we want to bring down the
cost of transportation. We bring down
the cost of transportation it's going to
bring down our CPI and it's going to
make us it's going to allow us to spend
that money elsewhere and do things more
productive or helpful in society. So we
want to do this and get there. We just
want to get there safely.
&gt;&gt; Well, so one last thing I want to just
put everything in context. Remember 14.3
was supposed to come out January
and it was supposed to be 10x parameter
and then of course it didn't happen. Now
it's after March. It's April, but here
it is. It's finally here. Uh again,
maybe I'm getting uh too much into his
words about it might come out wide
release by the end of this week. Okay,
maybe it doesn't. But we're very very
close as opposed to 3 months of a delay.
This was a huge huge jump, a magnitude
jump. 10x parameters took a lot longer
than they thought. And maybe they found
some, you know, how when you when you
train a new neural network on something
this big, there's always little things
that you find and you have to corral
them back. But we're ready to roll out.
And I think that this was the reason I
think all three of us here have said
this over the last 3 months as our guess
of why things were slowed down. But
having said that, it's slow down.
Actually, it's possible that Tesla could
somehow catch up again. It's not, you
know, you're not catching up to rolling
out in January, but you've got four at
least four cities where they're
preparing to launch the super the robo
taxi service supervised and then you've
got 14.3. This could be the unlock to
more unsupervised. I think we all agreed
that why why you know like people are
going well there's only eight cars that
are unsupervised why isn't that 50 by
now well what's what's the benefit for
Tesla from making it 8 to 50 today
versus waiting till 14.3 is out tested
fully now once you've got this out now
you're going to see 8 to 30 to 60 to you
know 200 right away that's what I'm
expecting hoping for
&gt;&gt; yeah and I think it's all it all comes
down to the slope of the ramp not where
the starting we will not remember the
starting point most people by the way
don't remember that Whimo started taking
supervised rides I want to say in in
December of of 2018
and most people won't remember that they
were testing and developing for 9 years
prior but let's let's put that to the
side
2018 in Phoenix you start taking rides
with a supervisor actually behind the
wheel by the way not just in the in the
passenger seat. And then they started
pulling them out in October
of 2020, so almost 2 years.
And 9 months into that,
uh they I think they had about 500 600
robo taxis out in in two cities. So very
similar, maybe even a lot longer
actually than Tesla. Tesla's only been
at it for 9 months.
uh launching this service. So what I
what where I think they will differ
though is the slope of the line and the
ramp curve. And as I've said, I think at
some point this year,
Tesla will produce as many robo taxis in
a month as a Whimo's entire fleet size.
And then at some point within 6 months
of that point, they'll produce as many
robo taxis in a week uh versus their
entire fleet size. And that's where
you'll really start feeling
um the impact of the ramp.
&gt;&gt; It's interesting. The thing that I want
to make a point about is we hear so many
comments about how they're behind and
people fixate I guess on Elon saying
something. There's two things I think we
have to remember is one Elon I think
puts out aggressive timelines to
motivate his team. I think that may be
the principal reason or it may just also
be be to kind of plate himself in terms
of if he says it's going to take 10
years and it's kind of like why am I
going to work so long and hard on this
problem if I think it's going to take
this long of a time let's find a way to
accelerate this let's say it's going to
be done next year and let's work as hard
as we can to get there but then I think
you're hitting up on the reality of
there's something about training AI that
just doesn't lend itself to predicting a
timeline and maybe it's just that we
don't fully understand yet what we're
training. It's almost like we're
creating this new creature and we're
we're building it, we're developing it,
but it's got a life of its own that we
just don't quite fully understand. And
Elon talks about 14.3 being sentient.
That's going to be very interesting to
see what, you know, what exactly does he
mean when we get we get to see it for
ourselves. But I I think that's partly
it that that AI just doesn't lend itself
to exact timeline. You can't just say
it's going to be done in January and
have confidence that that's when it's
going to be done. it seems like it gets
created and then you've got to sort of
smooth off the edges a little bit and
that's just something about building an
AI product that that I think we're just
going to have to deal with forever.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Or I mean we're three months
behind. It's a big deal for us who watch
who watches it every day but three
months behind to getting to this version
of uh the fi hopefully let's see if it
is but if it turns out that it is the
final piece of the puzzle it's just
three months you know we we we did it.
Um, talking about missed deadlines and
Elon promising, he said that Optimus
version three was going to be
um revealed first quarter. Well,
today is now past April, so it's no
longer first quarter. Uh, Elon did say
this the day the day before the quarter
ended. Optimus 3 is walking around, but
needs some finishing touches before it's
ready to be shown. So, that means that
it's been delayed. They did show this a
photo of the Optimus AI team and uh
there's a version here of Optimus
sitting in the middle. Here's a nice
photo from Tesla archive. Kind of took
that version. Just tried to do a
comparison. Looks like somebody in a
human suit. I we don't I don't we don't
think that this is Optimus version
three, but it's getting closer than Op
uh version two. What's your thoughts on
this delay of the reveal of the of the
um Gen 3?
&gt;&gt; Well, I be critical just for a second. I
totally agree with with CERN's comments,
by the way, and I've said that and
mirrored it. The the Tesla is doing
things that just never been done before.
So, you there's going to be a lack of
predictability. If it was iterative, if
it was just launching the iPhone 18,
well, they Apple has this down to a
daily schedule. they where they know
with certainty they know today if
they're going to be delayed in in in
September. Um but if I could be critical
for a second
it these dates that are given to the
public or exposed in public. I mean
there's another way to do this which is
is you put the aggressive dates on your
team you put bonus structures around it.
You put everything around it and you
have an internal set of dates but you
you become a little bit more uh focused
in terms of what you communicate
externally. I'm not smarter than Tesla,
not smart smarter than Elon, but if you
wanted to be critical about it, there is
another way to do this. We don't have to
just be in this perpetual loop of taking
on the most difficult things in the
world and then putting the most
difficult dates on delivering those
things, knowing that the predictability
of those things are the least
predictable. If you were to Monte Carlo
all the inputs, it's a simulation
approach. If you were to put all those
inputs into money, you would have the
most amount of variation um on the
outputs that you of anything. This
again, this isn't like shipping the next
iPhone or Samsung Galaxy that are all
kind of very iterative. This is all
brand new stuff. So, you be critical for
one second. I mean, there's another way
to approach it on Optimus V3. It's in
the same category. You know, showing it
walking around would not be sufficient.
And I think Elon made the right decision
because humanoids have been walking
around pretty decently for 18 to 24
months. So the demo has to be something
to me that V3 can do that V2 could not
do or V2 and a half. And it should be
something that quite frankly others
aren't able to do. Now, what's nice is
the longer they delay the demo, the less
uh available external information there
is about what they're doing and how
they're doing it. I hope Tesla continues
to keep information close to the vest.
I'd rather have that than actually have
the demo. But if you say you're going to
do a demo in Q1, you should. They're
behind. Uh but hopefully maybe it's
within 30 days, maybe it's within 60
days, and hopefully they're still on
track to ramp this summer. These are
kind of the I would say some of the key
things that need to come out in the
earnings call is are all these things on
track or or not. But again, two years
from now, we're not going to remember
did they demo in March or did they demo
in April. The highest order bid is to
make the best bot and make it scalable.
And I think those two boxes are only
checked with Tesla right now. I think
everyone else is a question at a minimum
or they have the wrong bot. That's the
uh that's the point, isn't it, though?
The demo is delayed. But what matters
more than if the demo is delayed, the
reveal is delayed, is whether or not the
production of this Gen 3 is that
delayed. And in fact, today Elon kind of
said that uh Model S and Model X are now
it's done. He clarified that that the
production of that is done and there's
only whatever is in did I say it's SNX?
Yeah, the SNX is done. It's only in
inventory. And then I heard that
inventory for X is al also gone. But the
point being that they've taken that
they're now as of today starting to work
on taking the Fremont factory and
completely converting it now starting to
convert it to a bot factory
&gt;&gt; a a 1 million per year line. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh bot factory. So this is the
point. If I hear that that's delayed,
I'd be concerned. And then the the big
giant factory for the 10 million per
year bot line which is in uh DGA, Texas.
If that's delayed, I'd be concerned. But
right now, that seems to be ground work
is happening. Ground is being put in.
They're investing heavily to try to get
that up. So, so far, you know what I
mean? Like even though the demo is
delayed or reveals delay to us, the most
important thing is not necessarily
delayed. We don't know. Or maybe they're
they are tied. Maybe the one of the
reasons they didn't show it to us is
that it's not quite ready and everything
is delayed. That could be the case, but
that's not what I'm hearing.
&gt;&gt; Do you remember when the they had the
robo taxi event? Um, you know, it was
originally going to be in August, right?
And then they push pushed it back to
October.
&gt;&gt; October 10th. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; October 10th. The length of time between
those two dates at the time felt like an
eternity.
&gt;&gt; But now looking back on it, October is
indistinguishable for me from August.
The time just compresses. And so it only
matters here and now in this short time
frame. Again, hopefully that they are
making the progress that they need to
make. Sure, there's always going to be
hiccups and issues. Um, they're still
hiring for the team. They put out that
little video that showed some of the
team members.
Um, so they're still hiring for the
team. Um, that's encouraging,
although I guess ideally you'd like to
say, well, they, you know, they've got
the team in place. They don't need to
hire anybody anymore. But, you know,
people come and go. But there's always
there's always people um you know moving
moving on. Um
it's probably more important to get it
right internally and not share too much
publicly. We all want to see it, but
what I really want to see is have them
reveal it and then the time from there
to production is very short. So you
don't you don't give your competitors a
whole lot of time to respond.
&gt;&gt; Agreed. We'll see. And if I were I I
don't know why they mentioned summer
production when I think we were
expecting end of by end of year. Uh I
would have just left it. But
&gt;&gt; where did you see that Jeeoff?
&gt;&gt; Well, Elon mentioned production this
summer of of of Alchemist starting.
&gt;&gt; When Elon did an interview
um it was an interview in the last two
weeks where he said production of
Optimus would start. It would begin the
summer. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the and the expectation I
think from the earnings call is by the
end of the year.
&gt;&gt; I would have just left it and like until
there's production operators on the line
and there's automation installed and
it's actually happening, I would just
leave it versus having to pingpong
things back and forth. I'm not being
critical either. I think Elon is
genuinely trying to get the best
information out to people to make the
best decisions. It it's just one of
those things of um
anyway uh the the people you see
criticizing you know like FSD for
example of oh it was promised in 2020
and robo taxis most most if not all
these people have never built and
shipped anything or and and certainly
have never built and shipped anything
new to the industry. those things
together um really tell you a lot and I
I think FSD has been very humbling for
Elon and the team. I think this is one
of the most this is probably one of the
most difficult challenges. I mean maybe
so you have Starship, you have you know
rocket launch uh and there I'm sure
there's a few other things but it's got
to be in the top five like most
difficult pieces of technology out
there. And I just leave people again
with one thing. We talk about, you know,
FSD 143 and where is it at? Is it on
time? Remember, every mile you drive
with FSD, it's making there's millions
of decisions that are being made from
those photons into the camera to
controls out of the vehicle. And if you
were to take and look at how many
decisions are being made, how many are
correct divided by the total number of
decisions, you would find that to be a
99.9999x
phenomena in terms of how it's
performing. But if you went into an your
the latest and greatest, you know, LLM
Claude 4.6 six or chat GPT5
4 some of these the latest things and
you asked it to do kind of complex fi
financial interdisciplinary
connected things you're going to find an
error rate I want to say probably in the
5 to 10% range so these things aren't
architected or created equal these
companies aren't held by the way like
you said 5.5 was going to be released in
in April this year and you didn't do
like none of these thing none of these
companies are being held to any of that
and they're getting these massive
valuations. So just anyway, my point is
is some there's something very special
about Tesla FSD and the performance and
capability of that physical real world
AI and I think they're just
fundamentally created differently and
there's going to be a much higher value
and valuation on physical real world AI
creations versus chatbot creations. I'm
not saying they don't have value and
they're not very good. They are, but I
just think they operate at two
fundamentally different levels.
&gt;&gt; Very good point, Jeeoff. Love that point
so much. Um I Yeah, just step back,
think about it. Version 14.3, if it is
what we were hoping for, last piece of
the puzzle. We'll find out soon. Maybe
this week, maybe next week, maybe in a
month. We finally get to see it. We will
know whether or not robo taxi is solved
or I I mean I'm I think most of us
already agree that it is um already on
its way to be solved. It's just the
final pieces to get there. But this
could be it. The humanoid bot, we're
going to see the Gen 3. That's the one
that's supposed to be for mass scale
1 million per unit line and then next
year he'll do the Gen 4. And that's why
I took a, you know, these things take a
long time to prepare to finally choose
the one that's going to go scale. And
that's what we're talking about, scale.
Scale for robo taxi, scale for the
robot. And that's why there's a lot of
delay. But, you know, the promise is
that once you've locked it down, you
feel like you've got it, then you go
scale. It really does go scale. Uh, so I
want to go back to the robo taxi thing
because there's one um job description.
I I was going to point out and I forgot
to do it. There's an iOS engineer robo
taxi app. But take a look at what it's
supposed to do. It is supposed to build
the iOS mobile experience that lets
customers summon, track, and interact
with a driverless vehicle. So this
sounds a lot more than just, you know,
order a robo taxi. But you can actually
summon it. You can interact with it. And
again, it's another one of those things
where if you Why are they hiring for
this now if this isn't uh expected to
come within a year, let's say, or so? Is
that great?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And we've we've talked about some
of the uses of robo taxi and some of the
things. And of course, being able to
talk to the vehicle and having the
vehicle act as a tour guide and other
other types of things is going to be a
magical experience.
And this to me is a clear sign that
that's the direction that they're
headed. Uh I don't have a time frame on
how long it'll take them to get there,
but I fully expect one day that I'll be
able to have a conversation with the car
about anything and everything. And
that's going to be amazing. Um and it's
just going to be integrated in with my
life and my everything else that I use.
um you know at some point it it it may
know that I have an appointment
somewhere and the car automatically
shows up on time to take me there things
like that where it's just this
integration in your life that just
things are more seamless that's that's
kind of the promise of AI is it just
automates things not only automates
moving people around but automates
everything else in your life this whole
digital optimist concept that's all
going to be part of this at some point
&gt;&gt; exciting uh what do you guys think of
this Elon posted this says, "Stand by
me." What's your guess of what he's
talking about there?
&gt;&gt; It could be a number of things. I think
everybody wants to um wish Cass like
their most pleasant thought of what this
could be. Again, I go back to this
quarter being a very important quarter
for Tesla, for Elon, for SpaceX.
And you know, I think this is just a a
very, you know, interesting time for
him. Yeah, just given everything that
he's doing and and just having support I
think is important. But again, we'd just
be purely speculating
um on it. So, but again, this is the
most transitional or transformational
quarter. We always say that, but this
really is just given what's going on
with with Tesla, SpaceX,
and uh even XAI. It there's a lot going
on. And now that today the news was
SpaceX maybe going for a two trillion
valuation. I mean this is insane.
&gt;&gt; When did that come out? I thought it was
17 yesterday. 1.75 yesterday.
&gt;&gt; Bloomberg Bloomberg just Bloomberg just
published that I think before uh 3M
central today. They published that they
are they believe they're now they're
going to go for a two trillion
valuation.
Well, if Open AI raised 122 billion,
then SpaceX needs to raise more than
that in their IPO. Uh Elon's a
competitive guy. You can't let Samman
raise more money. Uh even if that's a
private offering, so they need the
money. Having the capital will be good.
You might as well take it if it's there.
Uh if you can get a $2 trillion
valuation, that's great.
My word of caution is I get contacted a
lot by people who are interested in
getting IPO shares. Um please understand
that even if you know a third of the IPO
is made available to retail shareholders
that there still may not be enough to go
around. Uh this is going to be probably
one of the most hyped IPOs that we've
ever seen. And with the changes that
we've seen to the index structure for
for NASDAQ and be able to these index
funds to be able to buy in within 15
days after the IPO, there's not going to
be a whole lot of shares to go around.
So, it could be some pretty crazy price
action. And so, I urge a little bit of
caution for perhaps Tesla investors who
have suffered through this most recent
downturn to exit the stock and buy what
might be an inflated SpaceX price.
By the way, once a private company goes
public, it's going to be subject to all
the issues that we're experiencing with
Tesla as a public company and all the
things that we worry about. How public
market shareholders and investors and
Wall Street don't look out very far.
Well, that may also be the case with
SpaceX in short order. Everybody right
now with SpaceX is talking about the big
bright future that SpaceX has, and it
does. But what about the next quarter?
what's Q3 like for SpaceX?
What's Q4? People are going to be
fixated on certain metrics that are also
kind of lumpy just like we have with
Tesla. So, just just just be careful.
Um, it's going to be interesting to get
our hands on the on the perspectus
document and really understand what
they're presenting and understand the
financials of the company. And hopefully
that comes out soon so we can really dig
into it. But, but buckle up. It's going
to be an interesting ride. So this week,
uh, SpaceX filed confidentially for an
IPO.
&gt;&gt; Alexandra did a great job summarizing on
track for June listing. So that's still
the date. And at that time, yesterday,
the IPO of more than 1.75 trillion. I
think it's actually, first of all, we
don't know, right? I mean, who knows
what Bloomberg's saying. It's sometimes
wrong. Two trillion, one trillion. It's
it it's actually not a good thing if a
company is said to go to two trillion.
And then you know you want to you want
your market cap to be low so that during
the the day of the IPO it skyrockets not
the other way around. Uh raising up to
75 billion I don't agree with you sir
and I don't think that uh Elon's going
to want to raise over 100 billion 125
billion just because it's uh open AAI
did it. What matters more is you are the
largest uh private company to go IPO.
that matters more than you know for
ego's sake than how much money you raise
because Elon doesn't want to raise more
than he needs. He'll just raise it. He
can raise it whenever he needs to raise
it when this price does go back up
again. uh no info on number of shares or
price range of shares and the the dual
class shares I think is one of the main
reasons I would think that SpaceX and
would want to merge with Tesla and then
uh the Starlink revenue is 20 billion
and the AXAI revenue is less than a
billion dollars. So that's a good
summary from Alexandra
&gt;&gt; and the SpaceX revenue as well. Just the
for launches most amount of payload put
up where you I think it's like 90%
of the entire world's payload or more.
Yeah, it's going to be it's going to be
exciting. I can't wait to see the uh
like what SpaceX Q looks like that group
of
people.
&gt;&gt; Well, Starship version 3 needs to go out
this month in April. We're going to see
version 14.3 hopefully this month in
April. We're going to hopefully see
Optimus uh this month in April. He
didn't say when, so we could be delayed
much longer than that before we see it.
But these are the three biggest things
that's so critically important to the
future.
&gt;&gt; Cyber ramping cyber cab started
production April.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Like this is it. This is this is
it. You got driverless autonomous
transportation. You got autonomous labor
and then you've got AI data centers with
hopefully this is the first step towards
getting to near zero energy getting as
close to the sun as possible.
&gt;&gt; So are we going to see Optimus ride in a
roadster uh you know unsupervised FSD to
the starship and then get in the
starship and take off? Is that the
reveal that we're all waiting for?
&gt;&gt; That would be great. Incredible. Well, I
was going to ask you that question,
guys, is that, you know, Elon did Elon
did say that we're going to have an
event to say goodbye to the Model S. It
would make sense that you would do that,
a combined event with the Roadster
event. Maybe they would combine that
with Optimus reveal as well. What do you
guys think?
&gt;&gt; Perhaps combining it with Roadster could
be interesting because a lot of the SNX
buyers probably would coincide with a
lot of the Roadster buyers. Optimus, I
think, in my mind, deserves its own
event.
&gt;&gt; Who knows?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, kind of makes sense. And uh proud
SNX owner multi- times. Yeah, they're
great cars. I I still believe that Tesla
will produce a vehicle that's not Cyber
Truck or Roadster that is above the 3
and Y. I think that makes sense to do
and we've heard some hints from from
Elon on that. I think that that makes
sense to do. Tesla has the right to
change their mind. I know people like
they get all in this tizzy of like Elon
said this. Elon will change his mind. He
changes his mind all the time as facts
change. So Tesla reserves the right to
to do that. Um yeah, it should be it
should be exciting. I right now if
they're done producing SNX, which they
said they are, I mean, that line's being
torn down now.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, hopefully Iran,
who knows what's going to happen there,
but if that is resolved, then again,
three weeks.
Oh man. I mean, everything it all
depends on the macro and how things are
looking. Otherwise,
Yeah. But it if things turn positive,
things could turn positive.
&gt;&gt; You know, the macro is interesting
because there's always something to
worry about in the future.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. True. And then sometimes like with
Iran, it comes to the president and you
got to deal with it and we worry about
it and it's unresolved and then suddenly
either things get resolved or they just
kind of go along and it's the new
normal, you know. Has the Ukrainian
situation been resolved? Has anything in
Syria been resolved? Has all these other
things that the market fredded over for
a while? Have has any of that really
been resolved? No. It's just become the
new normal and we figured out a way to
deal with the issues that the Ukrainian
situation presented with, you know, rare
earth materials or whatever it was and
and so on. So, this will be perhaps just
like that, too. So, it's important not
to get too exercised about the here and
now. Yes, this stuff is front and
center. Yes, bombs are flying. Yes, the
price of oil is going through the roof.
All of this is temporary. And if you
focus too much on it, then you'll miss
the opportunities.
&gt;&gt; I think that's good advice. I
&gt;&gt; the
&gt;&gt; there's always uncertainty in the
market.
&gt;&gt; Adjust.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Supply chains always they always adjust
and they will hear people are arguing
and every position possible on X, but
supply chains will adjust. It's a it's a
matter of time. D I remember when the
Ukraine conflict started, there was
concerns about oil and gas. stores
concerns about wheat and a global food
shortage because of that. And you know,
anyway, the there are some things that
there are some things that are difficult
to to solve. You're not going to solve
rare earths, for example, in a very
short period of time, but there is a
trade deal to solve and and and take
that problem that was created and take
it off the table. I I do think there is
some fatigue and there well there's
always a wall of worry with with
markets. I you know having a black swan
every year. Hopefully this isn't an
annual event uh that we have to to deal
with. But uh yeah it it's something to
keep in mind. I find it just strange and
bizarre that the you know the price of
oil goes up and the only conversation is
well more Chinese EVs will be purchased.
There's no conversation about Tesla EVs
being purchased. And I think there's
some a bit of merit to that just given
the price of relative price of Tesla
EVs, those people being a little bit
less rate sensitive. But I think you're
right that there's always some wall of
worry. It's a question of how high the
wall is and how how thick the wall is.
And u I think we will we will work
through these things. It's all about
time duration.
&gt;&gt; One thing I've been thinking about guys
is this um I'm just looking it up now.
It's actually called the Amara's law or
Gates law. This is that phrase where he
says we tend to overestimate the effect
of a technology in the short run and
then we underest but we but we
underestimate the effect of it in the
long run and this is what I think is
only going to get more clear as AI
progresses faster. So here we are
talking about the beginning of this co
this this show things are delayed.
That's because we overestimate what we
think will happen in the short term. But
the correlary to that is this kind of
law says is that we're we're likely
underestimating
what is going to happen in the long
term. So what people expect in 3 5 years
it might come much sooner than you
expect at larger numbers. This is what I
was trying to say earlier, like
everything that Tesla's doing looks like
it's delayed. You got, how come the cars
aren't there? How come you don't have
unsupervised? How come you don't have
only you have only one city? Why haven't
you not shown the Optimus Gen 3 yet? How
come you haven't even, you know, done
all these demos? But the reality is
Tesla does things where they build
factories and nobody's watching that.
Then they're building these
infrastructure and then once it hits,
it's going to be a lot long uh you we
overestimate what we when we think it'll
happen. So we're late, but then when it
does hit, it is this kind of a scale
thing and we underestimate what actually
will happen in three years from now and
5 years from now. That's what I think is
going to happen. So hopefully we prepare
for that.
&gt;&gt; There was no other one of the greatest
examples of that was a smartphone when
we were looking at the usage patterns
and how people use their non-s
smartphones or flip phones or what have
you. the the usage data and what people
were doing with the product would not
have led you to believe that you needed
to create a smartphone. But if it if we
did and we did obviously create one, we
thought the volumes were just going to
be a couple million a year and obviously
you know that book was rewritten. But if
you looked at the tooling plans of the
major major companies and and we and we
launched the you know the the Android
you know version of that with Google and
if you looked at the two there nobody
believed like we were in the middle of a
recession. So this is 2009 and getting
off of that 2008 2009. So there was a
big there was a big wall of worry there.
But nobody thought that this would be
would get into the tens of we thought
it' be in the tens of millions and
nobody thought it would be hundreds and
now it's it's 1.2 1.3 billion a year.
Nobody thought that at the time. It was
it was vastly underestimated
but you know the the functionality and
what it did with people's lives it it
changed uh obviously uh the world. So
yeah, I think this is what futurists
this is what visionaries see. So when
people I think people are still mentally
blocked of what is this robo taxi world
where I just pay per ride and there's
always a car there. It's always
convenient. It's clean. It's on time. I
can interact with it and the cost
structure is very low. That people are
mentally blocked and they don't see the
size of what that could be. Now Tesla
has to execute. All these other
companies have to execute. But this is
what this is why you have futurists and
visionaries they to come up with these
things. Otherwise we would be standing
still on a lot of things.
&gt;&gt; Autonomous cars, humanoid robots, free
energy. We're going to get there. All
right. Thank you both very much. Jeff
Lutz, Cern Masher. Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thanks Herbert.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.