Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       What Tesla Cybercab Production Kickoff ACTUALLY Means
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEmsrOKpyBc
Published:   2026-04-25 21:34 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-25 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla had its earnings call and one of
the most exciting things while this
earning earnings calls was happening was
that Tesla actually announced the start
of mass manufacturing of Cyber Cap and
that was pretty revolutionary. Look at
this thing. That is the latest news just
today where we actually see these
pictures. Look at this thing. This what
you see here is the actual production
level cyber cap. It is the first time
that we see this car and it's uh
actually Cyber Truck is the wrong
writing on the wall. This is the Cyber
Cap. It is in Austin in the Gigafactory.
And what can we see here? We see besides
the great news that this is the
production version. This means since
Wednesday, these things are now rolling
off the line. Not anymore as little
pilots, not anymore as production
pilots, but as the real mass
manufacturable
version of the cyber cap with no
steering wheel. I will get to this in a
second. What this means for the stock,
what it means for us as investors, what
it means for Pioneer Alpha and Pioneer
Lands where we building the
infrastructure and the financial
infrastructures for all the pioneers in
the world to create stable high income
and to build a new civilization. little
side project we're working on. But what
does it all mean that we have the cyber
cap here? First of all, look at this.
Okay, the first thing that really sticks
out, it's really glossy. And that is a
very clear distinguishing element and
quality to the previous versions that
were more the prototype versions. Uh,
and they were actually matte. If you
remember this, Joe Techm covered it all
with his amazing drones on the ground,
no pun intended, in the air. And you see
that the uh previous Cyber Cap versions
here and that is from April 23rd, right?
April 23rd was actually still uh was I
think after the earnings call, but I
think this is one day old. Uh so this
was right at the inflection point. Is
this already glossy or is it matte?
These are the glossy ones I think. So
here you see
uh glossy gold that production SOP has
happened. Here are some views of several
8 giga Texas today in the outbound lot.
So this is exactly what Joe shows us
with real production versions. So, this
was 8:12 p.m. I don't know if that's
European time or Texas time. If this is
adapted, probably my time. So, that was
uh what is this? 977
hours earlier. So, that was at 100 p.m.
April 23rd on Thursday
in Austin, Texas by Joe. Joe should get
a medal. Well, he already gets a lot of
access for from Tesla into Tesla. That's
great. So you see his amazing drone
shots of them. Fazad will be very
unhappy that they don't have a Oh, they
have a steering wheel. Oh, Fazad will be
happy.
I think they have one. I'm not sure if
they have a steering wheel. Doesn't
matter. They won't have one for long.
And here you see the first glossy
versions of these things in the parking
lot. And you see, of course, more of
them here top down.
Here you see them. And look at this.
They're being produced. They have people
standing around there. Tesla people. I
feel like the CIA here.
Look at this. We see them all. They're
discussing things. Look how the doors
open like these wingle or whatever they
called like uh McLaren doors. Amazing
stuff. Can you even imagine sitting in
these things? So these are the new
production versions and they're rolling
off the band and everyone who's
complaining that Tesla is pushing back
the scaling of Roboaxi. I have just one
question for you guys and that is what
this video is all about. If Tesla can't
scale, if Tesla is postponing this, if
Tesla can't do unsupervised blah blah
blah, if Joe, this Joe here was wrong by
saying we have the inflection point now
because I'm so confident because of
cyber cap production, then tell me one
thing. Where are all these little
beautiful golden glossy cyber caps
going?
Where are they all going? If they're
rolling off in dozens and dozens every
single day, just to make this clear, if
they produce 10 per day, that is 300
per month. That means by the end of May,
we have like 400 of these things. Even
if there wouldn't scale from here, we
would be at a,000 by June, by July. We
would be at multiple thousands by
December, many thousands by December if
you only produce 10 per day. And we know
that they're already producing more than
10 per day. And we know that they just
started with this whole thing. So you
have to answer me one question.
What are they going to do with it? And
now we have these camps. We have
basically three camps. One camp saying,
well, they have the Fazard camp. Okay.
Slightly delusional. Well, they have
steering wheels. They're going to sell
them to consumers as drivable cars.
There are many reasons to believe that
this is completely delusional. Then we
have camp number two. They're saying,
"Well, no steering wheel because clearly
these steering wheels are not production
scale steering wheels. You see, they're
all totally like taped,
totally totally band-aided, so they're
just for testing."
The second cam says, "Well, they are
going to take all these cyber caps
without steering wheels and going to
sell them to you." Now, that's even more
delusional.
That's even more delusional. Why would
you sell things that can't drive
themselves, that have no steering wheel,
and then sell them to consumers? Okay,
explain that to me. Sure, there might be
some deals, fleet building and stuff
like that, but that would be really an
emergency thing. Then there's a third
camp, and the third camp includes Joe
Bakti, this guy here. And I'm saying,
well, maybe maybe if it walks like a
duck and quarks like a duck. If it
drives like a cyber cap and looks like a
cyber cap, maybe just maybe it is a
cyber cap. What about that? It sounds
crazy, but maybe if it drives like like
a cyber cap, it looks like a cyber cap.
It behaves like a cyber cap, maybe it is
a cyber cap. And that means maybe it is
a robo taxi. And maybe all these things
that are getting produced and deployed
in Austin, in Dallas, in Houston, in the
Bay Area, in LA, in Florida, in Georgia,
in Boston, in Chicago, all over the
place. Maybe these cars go to these
places. They will be rolled out. And
when they're all positioned nicely in
May and in June, they will be switched
on. And then we have dozens of these
things driving around. And there will be
hundreds in transport to these places.
And these hundreds will arrive in June
and July. And in July, we will switch
them on. We have hundreds in July. And
then we have more hundreds in August.
And then we have thousands in September.
And maybe that's just what is happening
because we see every day that it is just
happening. And maybe that is just the
reality. And maybe when Elon says it's
scaling painfully slow and production is
painfully slow, maybe what he means with
that is painfully slow.
which means it's half or a third of the
production of cyber truck scaling which
was already painfully slow. So if you're
half or a third, that is painfully slow.
And that means we have 10 to 20,000
cyber caps end of this year. And that is
exactly painfully slow. And that is
exactly painfully slow enough to drive
the stock up tremendously over 600,
maybe much more. If you have tens of
thousands, maybe over a thousand.
Well, maybe not. Who knows? But I'm just
connecting the dots and telling you what
I see. And when you actually take out
the noise and think about it's like well
Elon confirmed that 14.3 the current
version of FSD is already good enough.
He already said this is safety is not an
op it's not a problem anymore.
Elon said the only problem is these
things are too cautious because of
safety. So they're making still little
mistakes. So basically safety is solved
and now it's all about how can we
increase convenience and decrease
mistakes these things make that are not
safety critical mistakes. Going in
circles too much waiting too long. That
is what they're working on. And that
means the obstacle to roll out is not
safety anymore. These things work. They
are safe. The only problem is that every
10th right, every 20th right, every 30th
right, someone is trapped in the cyber
cap and it takes 40 minutes instead of,
you know, 20 and that's very annoying
and that's not acceptable in a few full
commercial operation and still requires
interventions for convenience reasons
and they're working on that. But that
sounds very solvable to me and it's just
a question of a few months until this is
solved. And if it's of course going to
be a gradual improvement, so it's not
soft in a few months, it's going to be
more soft next week and then even more
soft the week after, but it's not
completely solved in even end of the
year. So this is all a relative scaling
thing. And the good news is the good
news is that we are effectively already
in a scaling situation.
And that is my most important takeaway
that if you put it all together that you
see that we are already in the middle of
scaling.
We are like the little frogs that are
getting boiled in the golden pot of
Tesla returns. And we are getting boiled
and boiled. We're not getting boiled.
We're getting heated up. And it's so
gradual that we don't realize that the
heat has already been turned on and
keeps going up. we already have passed
the inflection point when you're smart.
That is what I think is going on and
that is why I'm incredibly bullish on
this stock. And I'm not always bullish
on the stock. I told you in December,
remember this. There they are perma
bulls and all kinds of people. I have
only one mission. I want to be right
because I need to generate alpha. Go to
pioneeralpha.org
where you see my alpha.
I need to generate alpha. I need to be
right. I can't just talk. I'm not a
YouTuber who just wants clicks. I'm a
greedy little investor who wants to be
right. Like, just look at this. Just
here. Why am I up 17% over Tesla this
year? Why am I up 17% more than Tesla?
6% for the year. Tesla is down 10%. Why
is that? Because I knew in December that
Tesla is going to perform badly in Q1.
And I told every I told very explicitly
everyone this is not good. We will hit
air pockets. These were my original
words. And we are deflating as a stock
because the catalysts are missing. The
catalyst are coming in April
and May.
It is April. It is May. I think the
catalysts are coming. So I'm getting now
very bullish for this Q2. I'm getting
very very bullish and I think we will
win with that strategy because this here
is not a joke and Cyber Cap is scaling
every single day and people are now
confused after the earnings call because
Tesla did not commit to concrete numbers
but we know the numbers. We can put
together these little numbers and see
exactly what is likely to happen. And
what is likely to happen is that we are
producing 10 of these things per day. We
are going to produce you know 70 easily
70 per week. And if you produce 70 per
week we are producing 210
210
per
month
in month one. That is April to May. And
where are these 210 going to go without
their steering wheels? Where are they
going to go? And what happens the next
month? Well, if you increase production
only by 50%, which is extremely easy if
you're Tesla and producing millions of
these cars, you're going from 210 to
maybe 300. And then you're going to 450
per month.
And then you're already hitting over
vastly over a,000 in four months.
And then you're hitting a,000 a month.
and then you're hitting 2,000 a month
and then end of the year you're at 3,000
a month and that would be painfully slow
scaling and then you're above 10,000 in
total deployed and they don't have a
steering wheel so they need to drive
around and we also know from Elon that
they can already drive around themselves
totally safe with the only caveat that
it's still inconvenient if you're
trapped in a little circle which they're
working on.
So, I don't know. I think this is a
false flag of panic. This is FUD. What
we see here is stock dropping right into
a complete inflection situation. And I
like that. That is why I'm positioning
myself to a very quick run up to 400.
And then from there, over the next 90
days,
we are probably going to go very high
above all-time highs if the world
doesn't end in between. which totally
can happen by the way. So, we have to be
cautious. That is what I'm thinking. I
hope that was interesting. We have
another video coming up where I'm
covering Optimus and Optimus makes me
very optimist optimistic
because Optimus is going to get launched
in full production very surprisingly in
90 days that was announced in the
earnings call. And that coincides
perfectly with what I just said. And
that coincides perfectly with my theory
that we might go above 500 in the next
90 days, maybe in the next 120 days.
And that would be very interesting if we
can bet on that little runup. So
go to pioneerlands.org.
pioneerance.org where you can ask all
your questions. You go here, we cover
all these things. Look at robots. We
have all the cool robot questions. We
have autonomy autonomy questions. You
just click on ask a question, select
your
theme, one of the seven themes of
Pioneer Lands, artificial general
intelligence, robots, autonomy, space,
AI, blockchain, and macro. If you're
interested still in some Trump stuff, or
of course the big topics, how we build a
new civilization. We know how, but good
questions are always helpful. AI income
for everyone, economic infrastructures,
education by the academy, family, didn't
talk too much about this yet, and
society also not yet coming very soon,
but AI income and education very
important. Or here, the investment
thesis, you can ask your question if
you're a citizen, I will guarantee
respond to your question every Sunday
live. If you're not a citizen, if you're
just a normal member, well, you need to
ask it especially good questions. And if
I like them or if they get a lot of
votes, I will also respond to them. And
if they're good, I will do it. I will
respond to your question. So,
let's do this. I hope that was
interesting and you have a little bit
more ideas about what Cyber Cap actually
does and means, why it's so
transformational.
And I hope to see you tomorrow on this
beautiful channel here where we talk
more about Optimus, about Tesla stock,
about the age of AGI.
Until then, see you then.