Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Is Tesla Stock BACK ON TRACK?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7WK43NUKUOU
Published:   2026-09-21 20:25 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-21 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

on Wall Street today. It was quite
exciting. We saw Tesla performing very
well. 3% on the spot on the point up
today to 375
up $10.94.
We're all pretty happy about it.
Portfolio is doing very well. Pioneer
Alpha going strong. good alpha over
Tesla by the way uh year to date even
though we were a little bit out of the
market uh for the last few months but uh
looking very good. The question is now
for all of you and me who are following
these most exciting AI stocks SpaceX and
Tesla at the core and eye of the storm a
little bit of Nvidia too. Eye of the
storm of the AI revolution and today a
beautiful day. What is going to happen
next? And I want to first focus on Tesla
technicals. Look at the stock. What did
it do year to date so far? Are we on
track getting back? Where are we
technically? Then look at the market
because that's very important. And then
go into some details about Tesla. So
let's start for now. Year to date we
know we are still down 17%.
Not good. That's why you need a Pioneer
Alpha portfolio. We are not down 16%.
We will have much more updates on
Pioneer Alpha very soon. By the way,
uh we that close of getting the bonds
live
and uh in the last month, we saw a nice
nice coming back here. Coming back from
that Ashen Brena debacle of course and
since then I've said we will close this
gap very quickly. Wasn't that quickly
but now we are basically closed. We need
five bucks more to close the gap from
the drop pre-earnings to get back to
380. But then the question is what
happens next? Is Tesla on track to now
kill it and get back to 400, 420 and so
on alltime highs or do we have to expect
some problems?
Now to give you the quick takeaway
tonight,
I don't think we are out of trouble yet
because when we take a step back for
today, what happened today? Why is Tesla
going so strong? We have to of course
look at the whole market and when you
look at the whole market AMD up 10%
10%.
Amazon all the you know Mac 7 are doing
pretty well. We're getting to one of
them especially today. Uh but when you
look at Nvidia also 2.3%. So all the
semiconductors doing very well. AMD of
course exceptionally well. Micron is now
back to $1,043.
still completely undervalued of course
uh Nebia is having a total run now 4% up
but previous days also very strong so
the entire market is up and when you
look at the market as a whole right we
see NASDAQ unbelievable day 2.26%
and what is that so in that bigger
context Tesla is actually not performing
so well Tesla is only up 3% when the
NASDAQ's up 2.26% 26%. So you know that
Tesla has a beta of two and NASDAQ is up
2.26%. We would expect Tesla to be up
4.5%
and it's not. So that's not very nice.
Uh so in relative terms in relative
terms
uh it is actually not that great and uh
the reason
what happens today uh is that Trump of
course announced that he will not strike
Iran
as he does every week basically. But
that led to a relief rally that was very
very significant. Right? If you go to
for example oil, look at the oil. Oil is
down 5% to 95. Brand is down. Oil is
down. And we see a rally in the crypto
markets also. Bitcoin recovering very
strongly now at 87,000. That thing was
at 60,000 not too long ago. Ether was at
1,700
and now it's 2,700. So this is all
pretty good
stuff of course for the market and that
is the reason why we up so much. And
that is the reason why I'm actually not
that excited about the Tesla rally. It's
actually not a big rally we are seeing
here. It's just a basic recovery and
closing the gap from this ridiculous
fall from grace. And now we are creeping
back up and the market is basically
dragging Tesla up and the Tesla share is
actually not that excited. Uh we have to
understand that situation. So am I
incredibly bullish on Tesla? No. This is
absolutely tactically not the greatest
day. It should be much higher and we are
just being dragged up by a super bullish
market right now. And if the market
would show weakness, Tesla would show
even more weakness. That is what I
think. And the reason for that is very
simple. If you go to pioneerlands.org
to the cybercap tracker, there's not
much movement here if you're totally
frank. And you know, I'm the biggest
bull ever. I think we will have a lot of
cyber caps and who was it? Mong Stanley
I think just came out with their cyber
cap updates that they think we have 40
million cyber caps on the road by 2040
but they have some ridiculously low
revenue numbers on it doesn't matter
but you know that I'm very bullish on
this but right now we have to also look
at the facts and the facts are we not we
are not scaling
and as long as we are not scaling we
don't know when that changes obviously
we have robo taxes here 158 and that is
creeping up slowly the model wise are
being deployed but that as long as this
thing is stuck we will not see very
strong momentum for a Tesla stock
independent of the market. Now of course
Tesla is a great AI story so if the
market goes up Tesla goes up obviously
but we will not see Tesla strength
standalone strength unless we see some
movement
and the Roadster reveal will not help
obviously that is not anything I would
bet on. Uh we have a bunch of positive
news of course on Tesla. We see that FSD
supervised is now coming to all these
European countries. We see it now in
Czech Republic, in Slovenia, in
Lithuania, in Estonia, in Belgium, in
the Netherlands and in Denmark. So all
these little countries, smart little
countries, Estonia, one of the smartest
countries, Denmark, one of the best
countries, Netherlands, of course, all
these top countries that are tiny. CH
Czech Republic, amazing. So they're all
adopting it while the big ones are
dragging their feet. But we know some
things are going on in Germany in
Brandenburg. So yeah, this is good news,
but it's not super transformative news.
Uh we here's check here. You see in
our is basically rolling out FSD more
and more and testing it. So that makes
everyone very happy. But will it move
the needle? uh SpaceX and Tesla. Here we
see of course the big terra fab that I
covered on Friday with my take on what
terraab actually will be. Uh this is one
of the biggest biggest projects for
humanity uh that will unfold over the
next 10 years where Tesla will go big
into semiconductor manufacturing. But in
a way where I explained what that
actually will be very likely it's more a
city. is more a city where everyone can
come in like Nvidia, Intel, Samsung,
Micron and they will all manufacture the
future there. Uh we have more news here
on the model Y L right the extended
wheelbase and that is coming out it's
sold out in the United States for 2026.
So all good news but all marginal news
that is the problem because everyone is
actually waiting for
Cyber Cap. That is the big thing. It's
all about this and right now it is just
stuck on our tracker. And that is why I
think we have to be a little cautious
here where the stock is going. And that
is, you know, my strategy how I generate
alpha very reliably. I can always make
money as long as I'm right. I do not
need a stock to go up. I just need to
deeply understand the stock as I do with
SpaceX and Tesla and a little to a
lesser extent on a bunch of others from
Robin Hood to Micro Strategy the two
Bitcoin stocks uh Bitcoin correlated
stocks of course and then Nvidia and
Micron the semiconductor stocks that's
my main focus and as long as I
understand these stocks thanks to option
strategies by the way first options
lesson for the Pioneer Academy is
recorded we want to make sure that you
the pioneers on pioneer lands will get
what you need to be empowered in the age
of AGI. We have the academy here coming.
Uh these are currently the lessons but
there will be four options lessons
coming this week. One is already
completed
and they are coming now. So that is very
good. Um so we will have that coming. Uh
and why is this so important? Because I
tell you guys the fact that I was spot
on with my prediction here that we see
Tesla coming back up like this trend. If
you know how to play this trend, you can
make a lot of money. So, I'm looking
pretty good now. I looked very not so
good here, but I'm looking very good
now. I'm up much much much more than
Tesla. Uh because once you have a trend
line like this identified and have high
conviction and you're right, you can
make a lot of money with this. I'm short
puts right now. Uh of course I have my
Tesla core position on since 3:25
roughly, but I'm very strongly short
puts. What does it mean? I'm short puts.
Well, after today, they're looking
pretty out of the money, but I'm uh 360,
365, 360, 250, 36050,
370,
and 375. Now, since today, uh this is a
small position, 375. These are my my
short put positions. So, you can tell
what my plan is. I'm betting on Tesla,
having a hard time falling too far back.
Even though after today we should not be
surprised if this thing falls back to
360 short term but I don't care too much
about that this week. So I think the 380
as I said again and again is a strong
strong pull factor pull uh factor that
pulls up the stock and we can trade
around that pretty effectively. Uh we
have to be cautious after big rallies
like today both for the market and for
Tesla. A drop back is not out of the
question. So, don't do anything where
you leverage yourself to death with a
380 or something short put where you get
killed right away. All my positions have
a good buffer, $10 down, not a big
problem for me.
Uh, more down then I start losing money
and I don't like it. And I'm pretty
heavily leveraged, synthetic leverage,
right? You understand? like I have a
relatively high number of short puts,
but that prints a lot of money as long
as this thing goes sideways or up or
even a little bit down. Doesn't matter.
I made a nice nice amount of money
yesterday, for example, when the stock
actually went down against me. Still
making tons of money as long as it's
just a little move like this, right?
It's a little more tricky here, for
example. That was a tricky situation.
even though I had a feeling it's bad. So
I didn't do anything crazy but that
definitely lost me some money on paper
and then went back. So that is very
important. We need to crystallize clear
thesis here. A clear thesis and then we
can engineer options trades around that
that are very very alpha generating.
And that's exactly what we are going to
talk about in the Pioneer Academy to
outline all these different option
strategies. Not textbook strategies.
They are mostly dumb. That's why they're
in textbooks. about the actual pioneer
alpha strategies mostly short selling of
puts and what I exactly do I will put
this into the academy
so what is going on now I think as long
as we are under 380 and as long as the
market doesn't completely crash Tesla is
in a very very very good position to not
be dragged down too much because this
thing is just ridiculously undervalued
but we have to understand if it runs up
too much or if it just stays here and we
hope it runs up. We have to understand
unless they start scaling this thing
into the multiple of multiple hundreds,
we will not go back to all-time highs.
Once they start scaling and that's why
we have that tracker here, you should,
you know, I will jump on the stock like
a crazy person because I know what's
going to happen. This stock wants to go
to 600 and 700. I tell you the stock
wants to go to 600 or 700. The entire
world is waiting on them. But if they do
not deliver the cyber cap scale, it's
just not going to happen. So everything
boils down. I said it again and again.
It boils down to that question. Even
Optimus demos are not going to change
too much. Of course, they're going to be
strong catalyst, but everyone knows
Optimus is way out to generate real
margin for Tesla, whereas robo taxi
could generate tens of billions of
dollars in the short term if they would
just be able to scale. The Nitsa probe,
right, that everyone's so scared about.
Uh, and I said they will definitely fail
that audit. Nitsa has initiated an audit
on Tesla on the cyber cap and my
analysis is clear and I'm pretty sure
I'm right about this. There are multiple
layers of understanding about this. The
first layer is they will not pass this
audit. They will fail this audit. Okay,
they have no chance of passing that
audit and everyone knows it.
That's the bad news. The good news is
this is going to take normally some
time. I think there is no chance that
this audit comes to any conclusion this
year. If they are lucky it comes to
another conclusion this year but the
audit itself will not come to a
conclusion this year that's good because
it's going to be bad
the conclusion but the good news is that
Nitsa themselves the highway agency of
the United States has initiated an like
a new rule that will change the
underlying assumptions. It's all about
the brake pedals mostly. It's about the
brake pedals that there need to be human
operated brake pedals in the car, which
is of course completely stupid. But it's
regulations. No one, even the regulator,
doesn't care if it's stupid. They say,
"Well, I have to stick to the words of
the regulation. They say you need these
brakes. There's no workaround. You're
screwed."
But Nitsa has proposed in June this year
a new rule that basically says you don't
need it.
Now, if the adoption of this new rule
precedes the conclusion of the audit,
then Tesla will pass very likely the
audit, which would be incredibly bullish
because then they're allowed to scale as
much as they want to make it a little
simple. There might still be some
issues, but that's the big issue. So,
it's very clear the rule has to be
adopted before the audit concludes. Now,
is that actually likely to happen? The
answer is yes. It is kind of likely to
happen that the conclusion that the
adoption of the new rule happens before
the conclusion of the audit. And if that
happens, the audit will change and Tesla
will likely pass the audit. So what we
have to watch out for in November,
December, January is if this new rule
extension is being adopted by Nets. If
that's the case, this is the most
bullish thing for Tesla stock in my
opinion. You have these two things.
regulations need to get out of the way
and Tesla needs to be able to scale.
Herbert for example said and speculated
that version 15 will be a play a major
role play a major role
in the scaling of cyber cap FSD version
15 needs to be out but we all know we
all know
uh and here's what what uh basically
Herbert says uh the biggest robot taxi
catalyst may not be cyber cap or
regulation it could be FSD version 15
the jump could be huge my push back of
of course would be Herbert that version
15 is already being used in cyber caps
as a shockwami
the head of FSD at Tesla and of AI at
Tesla has already confirmed so we are
using that so it's not the biggest
biggest improvement because it's already
in there uh and we will see how this
plays out so I think this is all coming
together it is all coming together now
we will see will will we see thousands
of cyber caps on the
this year. I think absolutely it could
absolutely happen. We have to understand
we will have already 3 to 4,000 cyber
caps manufactured
probably even this month
but latest next month we will have 4,000
cyber caps manufactured. So they're
standing ready. They are there.
And now the only question is
do we get this done? Do we have version
15 out? Is it good enough? Can we scale?
And you can easily deploy 4,000 cyber
caps just in Houston, Dallas, San
Antonio, and in Austin, of course. I
mean, this is so easy. You know, there's
more than enough capacity to absorb
these. It's not going to be good for
Uber, obviously, but this is so
possible.
So, that's kind of the situation. Uh
that is how I would summarize the whole
thing. Here you see what uh what Herbert
actually says. Herbert has amazing
&gt;&gt; ed every Tesla on FSE and every
&gt;&gt; so he's basically reporting on this and
saying it's all about version 15. It's
all about version 15 rolling out. Yeah,
it's going from version here you can see
what he lists
&gt;&gt; version 14 and version version 15 that
is already being rolled out right now.
And that is what I want to emphasize. We
have version 15 already in the cyber
caps. a shock confirmed. Maybe an early
version, who knows? And that thing needs
to be improved. But the 10 billion
parameter model should already be in use
in the cyber caps. And I have no doubt
that it will take one or two months for
Tesla to actually figure out all the
tweaks of version 15, but it is already
month two. Now, don't forget that it's
already month two of version 15 being
mentioned by Ashok or starting month
two, right?
In other words, the main conditions for
Tesla's super run up are not met right
now, but they're in the kitchen in the
AI kitchen. These main conditions for a
major run up.
That is exactly the takeaway for me
today. It's a good day for Tesla, but
it's very logical that we are going back
to 380. to go back to all-time highs to
480 from here and then beyond will
require CyberCap to scale. The bad news
is it is not happening right now as we
see with the Cybercap tracker pin lens.
Uh the good news is that all the
ingredients both on the technology side
version 15 is being refined and deployed
as we speak in Cyber Cap and that won't
take much longer. I will think another
month or so to really be good. And on
the regulatory side, of course, Nitsa
being a little bit of a problem, but in
my opinion, the most likely outcome is
that the rule adoption on the Nitsa side
is going to happen this year.
It's going to happen this year and that
will be the most bullish indicator that
the audit will actually then change and
be very good. And I expect this to
happen November or December the whole
Nitsa news. So if in the meantime we are
scaling up version 15 and we are seeing
cyber cap being rolled out more and then
get the news that Nitsa says fine we
adopt our own rule.
I think then all the stars align for a
major major runup.
That is my take. But as you know we need
to be visionary. We need to see the
future, predict these trajectories and
at the same time be facts driven like
the Fed even though they want don't want
to be facts driven anymore. We have to
then watch this and the combination of
having that trajectory of the future
exactly in our minds and at the same
time measure the facts on the ground so
we can know what's going to come and we
can track the moment when it actually
snaps into the trajectory we are
determining. That is how we generate not
just a little bit alpha, not just being
up 10 or 20% when Tesla is down 20% for
the year, but generating the massive
alpha, the 5x, the 6x alpha of the
entire portfolio when we see a runup
that we are prepared for.
That is the game we are in. That is what
we're tracking here in Pioneer Lands
with you guys, with your input, with our
models, with our trackers, with our
Pioneer Academy to learn how to predict
the future and model and engineer the
options trades to capture that future.
That is exactly what we are doing. So,
let's go to the comments
and see what you guys are thinking about
that. We have other things coming up
this week, by the way. We have Starship
Flight 14. I will cover this in two
videos this week because this is a
transformative flight. This is a
transformative event and some people are
not fully aware of that. It's a
transformative event
uh for SpaceX and the stock potentially.
And you see the tracker here. By the
way, we have the coolest tracker. So,
here is the next share unlock tracker.
And when the next flight is, it's in
seven days on September 28th.
Okay. Then is flight 14 and that is the
first flight. Well, I'm not going to go
into this in this video. We're focusing
on Tesla, but tomorrow and on Wednesday,
you're going to have some of these
videos coming out.
Okay. So, let's see what you guys are
saying. Let me know where you are in the
world and we can cover what's going on
here in the markets in the AI trade and
of course in our favorite stocks.
China Shill is back. big day for crypto
and micro strategy allininners. Well,
I'm not a micro strategy alliner, but
I'm a micro strategy.
How much do I have? Uh
roughly 15% of my portfolio is a micro
strategy and I have a separate crypto
portfolio of course. Uh good vibes, fun
time to be alive. I absolutely agree.
TGE66,
we have the most unbelievable timeline
from politics that I covered on Sunday
over the weekend in Germany and Sweden
and so on. Uh also in the United States,
what's going on there to the AI
transformation and to these wonderful
amazing stocks from Micro Strategy to
Robin Hood to of course Tesla and SpaceX
to the semiconductors and Meta. Have you
seen Meta today? 10% up. I told you guys
Meta is also a tiny little position I
have, but I always said Meta is the most
undervalued of the Max 7. And Meta, Alex
Wang, I told you guys, bet on Alex Wang.
He is the man. He is the man at Meta in
charge of AI and he will turn the ship
around. I said it and now it's
happening. News is hot.
Jay Ebers is back and says, "Hi, hello
everyone. Inspire Life Goals. Hello
back. Matt D is waving. Hello Joe and
the crew. We have everyone here. Good
morning from Luxenberg of all places. I
had some things happening in Luxembourg
recently. Um
we are live says Leonardo. That is
absolutely true.
Uh here Tyler says, "Joe, how are we not
at all-time highs with all the good news
and have had since reaching all-time
highs back in December?" Well, this is
actually a very good question. Why are
we so suppressed? Why are we so
depressed here with Tesla? And I tell
you why. Because there are too many hot
things happening in the world and
capital has become more rare. When you
look at the market, you have just too
many hot opportunities here all over the
place. from Meta. Look at how attractive
Meta is. How undervalued the Mac 7 are.
Nvidia so freaking hot.
You have all these super growth stocks
like Nebius, Core Weef, they're all very
hot. Micron, are you kidding me? So
SpaceX. So Tesla just has much more
competition these days. And is that is
that the reason we are $100 discount
from all times? I think it is the
reason. uh it might be a dumb reason but
in general the valuations of the market
have come down dramatically
if you adjust for growth
we are at an incredibly low valuation
market uh mostly because capital is a
little scarce right now
of course conventional people would say
Joe you're crazy it's not low valuations
but it is you have to look at the growth
rates peg ratios and stuff like that
um
And then you will see
uh show me the money Elon
uh
unfortunately Tesla's basically
presenting the growth that's happening
now
but if rub starts printing money we may
finally go up. Exactly.
What is Pioneer Lands? asks Roy. Well,
you have to go to Pioneer Lands to
understand Pioneer Lands, but we have a
community globally to unite the best
entrepreneurs and investors and people
who think about AI to build something
that allows all of us to survive and
thrive in the age of AGI, which has just
started,
which is coming fully into play next
year. And the point of Pioneer Lens is
to have a citizenship $9 a month by the
way to allow us to get better organized
to train ourselves in the Pioneer
Academy that is of course included in
this to provide investment research but
also have discussions about what is
exactly happening here in our politics,
our countries, in our markets, with our
stocks, with our portfolios and how can
we predict what's going to happen next
so we can prepare and of course build a
bunch of networks here of good people.
Uh, the day we get a robo fleet in
Dayton, Ohio is the day I sell my car.
Can't wait.
Steven Zenzer, are you in Dayton, Ohio?
I was in Dayton, Ohio
a few times at the hospital to do
business or science. Uh, Dayton, Ohio.
There is a nice Air Force base and there
are lots of hospitals.
I like Dayton, Ohio, by the way. I like
the people.
This that's why Bitcoin is great.
Actually, you don't need to worry about
PE or any financials as a reverse proxy
for currency debasement, which is
accelerating. Well, let's hope that's
true. China shill, I am very bullish on
Bitcoin. Let's see if it uh comes true.
That is a proxy for currency debasement.
Uh, good. Ken says there were seven
streams going into V15. 40% or three
currently merged to V15. Said at least
sixish weeks before version 15 for gets
the full versions from the various
pipelines. Uh, there were seven streams
going into version 15.
How do you know that? That would be very
interesting. That seems very good
information. But what's the backing for
that? Can you provide us more
information,
Mr. to Joe, thanks for the insights,
Joe. Thanks for being on the stream.
Probably closer to 10 to 12 weeks for
view. Why? How do you know all of that
Dr. G at Ken? That's very interesting.
Thanks for the info. I was would just
love to get more info on this.
What about the merger announcement?
Maybe 101. What do you think? I think
this is going to take a little longer,
but who knows? I think if we have a
merger announcement, this is going to be
insanely bullish for Tesla and Tesla
doesn't move. So, I really don't think
we get a merger this year or
announcement this year, at least. Who
knows? I'm I'm not going to bet against
it, but I don't think so. I think it's
more likely not.
Um, when do we buy SpaceX? Very good
question. Again, you need to go to
Paneer Lens to check out our trackers.
Let me explain my SpaceX strategy.
So the SpaceX strategy is generally we
in a bullish phase because they are
going to announce more and more deals
and more and more compute deals and they
will have tens of billions of additional
margin this year. People a little bit
know that that's why it's going up. But
you have to watch this tracker. This is
the most important tracker here. You
have to watch this tracker. And we are
three days away from the next unlock.
This is very bearish tactically
shortterm. we get 15% of additional
float into the market September 24th and
that is in three days on Thursday and I
am playing this by predicting and I've
seen this in the past that's why I think
it's likely to happen again that will
probably lead to a drop in SpaceX
tactically on Thursday and then burn
through the new shares coming in into uh
you know the sales queue over the next
couple of days we will provide some
updates here in real time. Uh what I
think is going to happen, you see here
the future unlocks, right? Three days
September 24th and we have all these old
unlocks here. Uh so we will see. But uh
I remain very bullish for SpaceX all the
way up to that day all the way to
Thursday. I am long very long SpaceX is
also uh short puts.
Uh but I will unload all of that stuff
and go short calls on Thursday. But
that's not going to last very long. I
think then we are back into bull world.
But let's see. It's going to probably
drop below 150. That's what I think.
Very tactical game here. But we have to
play reality as it presents itself,
right? That's how we do it.
Probability of merger announcement
October 1st I think very low
not sure what you do best Alexander
Alexander Peterson philosophical taste
of financial insights in any case the
combo is fantastic did a master in
business administration philosophy and I
love all your videos thanks that's so
nice to hear Alexander Patterson uh I
studied economics and philosophy not
business but economics ics kind of
philosophy rhetorics actually which is
like but ancient Greek stuff. So uh and
I had a lot of philosophy in high school
and
yeah we have to do that I think if you
get poor that's very bad. So we have to
deal with stocks and build our capital
out. But the bigger purpose of Pioneer
Lens is of course to
capture the future here in this wild
wild time of AI. And we have crazy
things happening. Grock 4.7 is out
today.
Uh the good Levi Levi Leviatan
Leviathan. I always pronounce it wrong
in English. Very good. Thanks for
joining Pioneer Lands. We have also this
new updated networking app by the way
that you should you guys should
absolutely use. You see here the
network. You see all the pioneer cities
in the world. Here you see kind of the
members in all the different cities in
the world. You see here the levels of
the cities. You can try to find your own
city. And uh we will explain this a
little in more in depth what's going on.
So London is actually our number one
city in the world, followed by New York
City, then Los Angeles, then San Diego.
So the Californiaifornians are coming,
then great Melbourne, and then the
Canadians and then the Texans, Texas
again, Australia again, and California
again. So you see how this is going. Uh
I think the first European country is
Stockholm.
my favorite people in Europe, the
Swedes, even though they vote for
terrible people, but our people are not
voting for terrible people. And then the
Germans are coming to behind Stockholm
with Munich. Then the Danes,
okay, they're also my favorite people.
The Danes and the Swedes.
Uh, very close. The Urus people. Uh, and
then we go back to Really, the research
triangle to Washington DC, Atlanta,
Tempest, Singapore, the first
non-European, well, Australia is
technically not Europe, but it's kind of
Europe. Uh, Auckland,
New Zealand, and so on and so forth.
Hamburg
and then Oslo. You see, the Norwegians
and the Germans are the top Europeans
outside London, of course, London. But
we we don't have any other English
cities. It's very funny. or London. So
there you have it. But welcome to
Pioneer Lands. This is going to be fun.
We are building out the network uh in
the next weeks. This is going to be much
more active.
Adulano
proxy was not announced yet. What is
that's a little bit late. Something is
going on you think. Yeah, I know the
speculations. Let's see what happens.
I'm not say I will update my opinion.
I'm just saying right now I don't think
the merger announcements is going to
happen this year. You're right that the
proxy is a little late. The proxy is the
announcement when the shareholder
meeting is and normally it should be out
now. Normally it should be out latest by
mid of October otherwise we have a
problem because it needs to be I think
30 days before.
Uh we have username VF greetings from
Portugal. You have to join definitely
have to join Pioneer Lens. I don't know.
Do we have any Portuguese? I can check
in real time the map. Let's check
Portugal.
Yeah, we have actually not. It's even
bigger than Spain. Portugal. Look at
this.
Yeah, Liz in Lisbon.
We have
these are our people. Why is there no
city landmark? Let's generate the
landmark because we have this new
feature where it generates the landmark
of Lisbon. I can only generate it as the
admin. Let's see what we are drawing
here while we continue.
Uh
here Dalit Vargas from Arizona. Look
here. Lisbon beautiful. Greetings Joe
from sunny Arizona. looking at buying
heavy SpaceX early December, past the
final unlock. Thank you for this superb
analysis on the German election Sunday.
Yes, I'm doing a little politics here
and then and we're trying to get that
right. It's very important to watch it,
but you're welcome. Uh well, SpaceX,
that's why we have the channel to cover
that in real time. Let's see what SpaceX
does. Uh but we see how the unlocks
behave. We have very good insight into
the unlock behavior of the stock. Now we
are I'm very heavily invested in Tesla.
What are your thoughts on buying SpaceX
if you're so sure they will merge Petty
the Irishman? Um I think Tesla is in a
better position than SpaceX. I think
Tesla is much more under valuation
pressure and they will benefit from a
merger more than
uh SpaceX. That's what I think
exactly. You get the premium on Tesla,
not on SpaceX if they merge
here. Now we get more information from D
from DGO
I don't how to this is a hard to
pronounce name DGken
Dgo Edken because DGO Edken has good
insights into what's going on with
version 15. Ashock said that Tesla is
developing seven major improvement
tracks in parallel to build version 15
and said 40% were already in the version
CyberCap is using which is 15.
Interesting. So three of those seven
improvement tracks are already being
used by Cybercap. Interesting what they
are. But does that mean it has a 10
billion parameter model? No one knows.
Shi Oster, hi from Washington. I keep
selling Tesla puts trying to buy back
stock I shouldn't have sold. Should I
just bite the bullet and buy back the
stock at a loss or wait till red day?
Uh, of course I don't give investment
advice directly, but what I'm doing, I
can just tell you what I'm doing. I'm
fully 100% invested here in the stock.
So, my stock position is 100%.
Which means I have 100% of the Tesla
stocks that I strategically want to own
because I think it's incredibly cheap.
You should not miss out. And I'm all in
the stock. On top of that, I'm
synthetically heavily leveraged with
short puts. So, I'm not selling Tesla
puts to buy the stock. I'm selling Tesla
puts to make money because I think Tesla
is not in a runup mode. It's in a slowly
creep up mode or creep sideways mode now
that we at 380. Uh with the risk of
falling back if the market has a hiccup,
that is a good situation to be fully
invested in your target position size
and using short puts just to generate
more income
on top of it.
But be cautious with that obviously.
I'm looking at what Pelosi is buying.
Bloom Energy was an interesting buy. I
don't know what the latest Pelosi trade
is. Riding the Model Y on a random road
trip from Arizona to Austin and to
Starbase. Any recommendations?
Luna to Mars. Um,
from Arizona to Austin. That's I've
never driven from Arizona to Austin.
That's like the Wild West. That's like
in the middle of nowhere. What's ever is
in between this.
Uh, aren't you going through this the
Clinton lands, Arkansas
and Oklahoma and things like that? Go to
Oklahoma. Isn't that Warren Buffett's
thing? Uh, no. This is like the Wild
West. Probably eat some steaks.
Get Ken. Very good.
Why is it go at go at Ken? Get Ken. Get
Ken.
Okay. Get can uh froxy frostbite is
back. Nice day in the market for us in
my opinion. Buy Tesla. You won't miss
much at all. Even if there's a big run
on SpaceX. Absolutely.
Luna to Mars uses FSC the whole way from
Arizona to Austin. That's a long way. I
I'm jealous. It's a beautiful beautiful
road trip. Sean ixt
Sean always love your analysis. It keeps
me focused and steady. Yes, that is very
important. It's also a mental game to
win in the markets. Often people get
nervous. You need to know where we
stand. You need to see the entire setup.
Uh what's my year to date? We will
probably hopefully we had some
regulatory issues where we needed to be
a little bit quiet on Pine Alpha. I
think they will be resolved once we are
live with the bonds and then we can have
weekly coverage on my performance. But
but the attorneys say we have to be a
little in this phase a little you know I
have good alpha over Tesla. Let me put
it like this
but the exact we have to update the
website to be a little more compliant or
be compliant while we are launching the
bonds. We also had to shift things from
Luxembourg. We have now an American
setup fully US-based which is much
easier. We I can tell you guys I was
very busy. That's why I'm so exhausted.
Do you see this? My gray hair all over
the place. It's because we are launching
the Pioneer bonds where we have the
Pioneer Alpha strategy in the bonds
captured.
And this is an institutional vehicle and
was a little hard. I wanted to do it in
Europe for many reasons and turns out I
think we need to do it in the United
States which is great.
it just creates a little bit of a
another complication down the line. Uh
but for now I think it's the better
solution and that's what we're working
on and that's why I can't like share
real-time updates but very soon this
will be resolved
New Mexico.
Nice.
the uh road trip.
I should we look up
to refresh my southwest
United States
USA map. Uh geography knowledge. Let's
just see how this exact Oh, you just
have to go through New Mexico. I didn't
even know that you don't have to go
through I always confuse. Where's
Arkansas? Oh, no. I'm totally wrong.
Oklahoma. I was right.
So basic Oh, it's so close. Well, it's
not close. Austin is here. So, you have
to go through all of Texas.
And so, Arizona, I drove from LA to uh
to lake, what is it? This lake, the
party lake.
What's the party lake in Arizona with
this ancient Roman bridge, which is nuts
that they have this Roman bridge.
uh lake
something in Arizona and then you drive
through New Mexico and you're in Texas
very quickly, but then it's a long way
to Austin. Okay, you don't have to go
through Oklahoma. I was wrong. See, this
is the area that people just don't even
know exists in in the United States.
Like Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma. This is
like where all the storms are, where
nothing is in Arkansas.
Here, Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma, and
Arkansas. That's the big nothingness.
I know where South Dakota is. That's of
course that's the That's where the
action is in South Dakota.
Just kidding. Um,
good. We refreshed our knowledge.
I just needed to hit 500 by end of year.
my boss and I have a bet. He thinks
Tesla should be a $50 stock. Are you
going to win the bet if it's at 480? I
hope so. Uh, my wife and I had a FSD
drive to Las Vegas. From South San
Francisco a while back,
South San Francisco to Las Vegas, that's
like a while from LA. I did it multiple
times. I drove from uh Berkeley or from
Menlo Park back then uh to uh
Heavenly
to the north of Nevada
skiing or snowboarding
here. Poxy Frostbite says we are fully
catalyzed. Great time to accumulate,
right? Yeah, I can absolutely
reemphasize this. If you're a Tesla
bull, now is the time to be completely
invested in my opinion in the stock. Get
all the stocks you can get right now.
Not on margin, but whatever your target
position is. Street Cred Zero says, "My
wife's hardware 3 Model Y can now pull
itself out of the garage." That's very
good.
David Frost, are you related to Foxy
Frostbite?
Uh, David Frost, longtime listener,
first time commenter. Thanks for your
comment. Great to have you in here in
the comments. Cyber taxi needs to come
to Vancouver in British Columbia first.
Challenging climate, low energy prices,
and a strong taxi union that needs to be
broken. Uber couldn't do it. Well, yeah,
probably not easy to break that to break
into that market if you have a Canadian
union there. But yeah, I wish you guys
lots of robo taxis for Christmas. Let's
see.
Just saw a couple of gold caps in Marin
County where the rich people live north
of the Golden Gate Bridge. Very nice. So
now we know Sean is rich. He lives in
Marin County which is very nice. It's
very nice and serene and you don't have
so many crazy people. It's a little more
conservative
on the outside.
Very nice. So we have now cyber caps in
Marin County.
That is very good. I see the gold cyber
caps on the regular now. Street card
series I think in Silicon Valley or in
South San Francisco. One was parked on
my street. Engineering config. Fazat.
Oh, Havasu. Lake Havasu. Exactly. That's
the party lake in Arizona. I re
recommend that lake. That's a lot of
fun. Um, and there was no CO. I remember
we were there in the middle of CO. They
escaped LA, insane LA, and went to Lake
Haroon and suddenly no one. There was no
CO. Co was solved
because it's a red state.
Ever been to Wisconsin? I think I've
been Have I been to Wisconsin? I forgot.
It's probably the closest you can get to
Germany in the States. No, I think Ohio.
That's where the Germans are. I think
Wisconsin is much more Scandinavian.
The Germans are in Ohio.
Uh,
not official, but seven improvement
tracks are expected to be.
Yes. So, that's very good to know. Uh,
good. Ken, get Ken.
What is SC?
South Carolina.
What about that?
Not much in West Texas either. I know.
There's nothing.
Uh, how accurate is the delivery dates?
My Model 3 is supposed to come in
October 13th through November 13th. I
think it's accurate to my knowledge.
My time in South Carolina was idilic. I
was two bands around University of South
Carolina. I mean, yeah, this is
beautiful. Charleston,
it's beautiful.
The London Bridge. Exactly. That is in
Lake Haru. It's crazy, guys. In the
middle of the desert in America. It's
the most American place. And they have a
London Bridge. And this thing is real
because I know all this fake American
stuff and I know European stuff and it's
real like this crazy castle in Silicon
Valley that they brought over from
Scotland. So I was like this is not
fake. This is real. It's like yeah it's
real. The London Bridge it's real. They
they transported a bridge. I mean I mean
a stone a giant stone bridge. It's the
craziest thing and it's absolutely real.
It looks like a chef holding a pan.
Tennessee with a chicken leg inside.
Kentucky. Well, Tennessee and Kentucky
are little, but they are very nice.
Here
massive model parameter scaling 10
billion from 1 billion to 10 billion.
Early hazard prediction, faster
reaction, lower latency, adverse
collision avoidance.
Uh 247 fleet operational upgrade, reduce
data resolution loss, pothole debris
avoidance.
Ken, do you have like the tweet? I would
love to have the tweet because I I
overlooked this. I think this is very
important. We should cover this and I
think Herbert also didn't cover it. So
we should absolutely cover these details
you have here. If you can share the
tweet, if you can find it, I will do a
video on that because that is very
important information, very important.
Not rich, Joe. You are rich. I know.
Mayoring County. Better to buy a fleet
of cyber caps and make more money. Yes.
Uh, Street Crazy Heavenly Valley. It's
also very worthwhile to see lakes that
aren't Lake Tahoe. I have only seen Lake
Tahoe. That thing is beautiful. Uh, so
Ken share your seven the magic seven
dimensions
or can I look it up? Let's go on a
search for it.
Isn't it nice how we actively drew the
landmark? I hope this is correct for
Lisbon. I have never been to Lisbon, but
I heard it's very nice. I can't believe
that we have that Lisbon in Portugal is
this level 10 city because of Jiao,
retired airline captain. We have only
the smartest people in Pioneer Lands.
Uh, so
we should check out our map who we have
in Arizona because we talked about
Arizona so much. Oo, there's big stuff
in Phoenix happening.
Peter, we have so many people. We have
only one citizen.
Oh, we even have a comment here. I live
in a different city. I still live in LA
according to Pine Lens. I have to update
my city. Um,
and the photos are all messed up. That's
our fault. Okay, we should generate a
city landmark for Phoenix. Let's see
what happens.
Uh, what did I want to check out? I want
to check out now
Ken's commentary on version 157.
I just say seven.
No.
Seven.
Seven. Architectural changes.
Seven
architectural.
Let's see what we find.
Where is this? I want the information.
Seven architectural
changes. FSD.
We need to find it.
I can't find it. Okay, let's see. Let's
see if Ken provides us with the details.
What part of Tesla makes you the most
excited right now? For me, it's FSD and
the higher growth adoption. Yeah, it's
100%
Cyber Cap. There's no doubt about it. I
think we are that close. I'm a believer.
Has anyone put together an Elon EFT of
suppliers to its companies? I would buy
that to spread out some risk. That's
very a very good idea, but I haven't
done this.
Um, so I'm still waiting for the
information where we get these seven
dimensions because that is actually very
very useful to know
here. Is that Phoenix? Is that the
Phoenix landmark?
Do we have actually I want to know what
we have in Arizona.
The pioneer cities in Arizona. Of
course, Las Vegas is a big one, but
that's not Arizona.
Let's see if we have Harvey Sue.
Oops.
We have Tucson.
I don't even know where this lake is. Is
it down here?
Can even see the lake. The lake was more
on the left.
I don't even know what is this tiny
little thing. Mesa is an extra place.
Nice landmark. Isn't it cool?
I love it. We have a citizen John P at
Mesa.
That's Mesa, Arizona.
here. Ashawa, glad you're safe. Even
earlier prediction of hazards, even
faster reaction time, and overall
significant business safety, collision
avoidance coming as part of the next big
upgrade. And we know that's the seven he
means.
The seven FSD are from various articles
and expose and a few in Tesla Reddit
discussions. You know what? I'm just
going to copy paste
yours into Grockbot and have him
research this and put it together.
Uh, I need to create a new Grockbot
here.
Grockbot. Create new Grock bot and I
call it Tesla and SpaceX research
bot.
Okay.
Please research a shocks commentary that
reveals the seven architectural updates
on V15 FSD. I heard it's this, but I
need evidence. Bing.
So, let's see what Grockport can do for
us and then I do a whole update on this.
Um,
Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport. So, parking
lots full of cyber cap while landing.
Really?
From the plane. That's pretty cool.
Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport. Phoenix
airport cyber capab. Let's just Google
that.
Uh, Phoenix
Airport Cyber Cap. We want all the intel
we can get. I will make this little
walking session.
Phoenix.
Nope. No information.
No information.
Okay, guys. Oh, it's already late. We're
already an hour in. But here I see
actually stuff. Can I share
Crockpot?
Okay. what Ashok actually said on July
22nd
roughly seven about seven major
improvement tracks on the earnings call
40% merge in those builds September 11th
on X even earlier prediction of hazards
even faster that's what we shared
September 4th next month or so
ask about 247 robotics next month or so
the next tech to merge on the version 15
plan will enable it. Interesting.
Interesting. That's very good research.
Okay, guys. Let's wrap it up for
tonight. Uh, thanks for tuning in. We
have cool stuff coming up tomorrow about
SpaceX because what
Flight 14 in seven days on September
28th. This is the first full orbital
flight where you have six orbits.
Before it was all suborbital, spaceship
goes up. A starship goes up and comes
down right away. Goes suborbital. does
not
circumvent
no circumn
the planet but this time they do it six
times they have a full orbital multiple
orbits they're doing which is a very big
deal and they're deploying actually
commercially version three starings
which is like huge so this thing is like
real and that is all very very important
so this is not a normal test flight 14
is a very very important test flight so
watch the stock on that of course it's a
high-risisk event if anything goes wrong
but it's going to be very interesting
when do you see it happening the 580 and
beyond I am not speculating anymore it
can now happen any time it is a total
function of this year the cyber cap
tracker we have to see when this thing
starts jumping up towards 100 then 200
when that happens I would buckle up
that's all I'm But when this happens, I
don't know. It could happen next week.
It could happen in January. It could
happen in March.
Who knows? That's why we need the
tracker. That's uh you know, everything
has a speculation, but we ready for
that.
Very good. Thank you guys so much.
Not in years, definitely months, but
could also be weeks. Uh, thank you so
much and we will back tomorrow. I'm
getting going on a little journey to
beautiful Talin by the way in Estonia. I
have a little speech there uh with very
smart people and uh but I will prepare
videos so I will be gone for three days
but you won't even notice other than not
live shows Thursday, Friday, Sunday uh
Saturday and Sunday. So, I hope to see
you tomorrow and we'll continue this