Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Is Spending Like Never Before
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1HIgtSESfKo
Published:   2026-07-18 17:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-18 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

So
my analysis shows that their investment
cash investments this year will be
closer to 40 billion than 25 billion.
&gt;&gt; It's going to be dramatically higher
than we anticipate. Good cash management
is not a result of counting pennies.
It's a result of valuing pennies,
placing high value on the penny. And
Tesla is the they are the
state-of-the-art
in integrating
you know as far as possible and
controlling their own destiny.
We are joined once again by the amazing
Larry Goldberg. He has run a bunch of
businesses. He has invested. He has
looked towards the future to make his
future that much uh better, easier and
uh you know more comfortable. That's
something I'd like to do. That's why I
talk to people smarter than me. Uh, and
you know, because statistically
everyone's smarter than me. No, that's
not true. It doesn't matter. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurza.
&gt;&gt; So, Larry, so good to have you back as
usual, as we always say on these videos.
Uh, how are you doing? How's things?
&gt;&gt; Doing great. Doing great. How are you
doing?
&gt;&gt; I'm doing good. I'm busy. I'm stressed
out. But I'm getting ready for my big
trip to Nepal next month where I will be
uh checking out interviewing more people
like I did last year. And then in
December, I'm going to Ethiopia because
they banned the import of internal
combustion cars two years ago. And
there's a lot of story there to tell.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; So yeah, I know it's crazy. What am I
doing, man? So Tesla as a tech AI
company versus a pure automaker. Now in
the US, we see a lot of pure automakers.
Now, Ford and GM have said, "Oh, we're
getting into stationary batteries."
Okay, I guess it's not, I think, ever
going to be a real meaningful revenue
driver for your company. I'd love to see
it if it was if it was not. So, but
internationally,
a lot of companies are more vertically
integrated. They do take these
competencies and stretch them out. So,
uh, capex plans for Tesla 25 billion
next year. That's a lot of money to lay
out. Um, how does Tesla's current cash
pile relate to the projects we already
know are in the pipeline? The robo taxi
expansion, the Optimus expansion, the
um, Terraab uh, initial construction.
How are they doing on a cash front?
So
my analysis shows that their investment
cash investments this year will be
closer to 40 billion than 25 billion.
&gt;&gt; It's going to be dramatically higher
than we anticipate.
I think we will see a 12 billion
uh capex quarter.
Um,
I think Tesla will go to the market for
cash by the end of the year or early
next year because I think uh they're
going to need.
They're going to need it. And I think
we're gearing to have a really good
fiscal quarter in building up towards
that that need. And why do I say that?
because I think the uh capital demands
on every front are going to be higher
than we anticipated even last quarter.
So I think the terrafab I think uh data
centers in the sky in which Tesla I
think is going to have a piece. Uh I
think the um robo taxi roll out which
has been slower than we had hoped for
but I think is going to be faster than
we anticipate.
Um, I think all of those are going to
have enormous fiscal drag, not to
mention gearing up for, you know, the
robotics roll out and it's that's going
to need a very significant amount of
capital. So all in all I think it's
going to be an capital intensive year
ahead of us
&gt;&gt; on things like Cybercap or Optimus.
Cybercap especially where Tesla has made
clear that they wish to keep a
substantial percentage not quite all of
them but a number that may be close to
it in house. They're going to be laying
out 17 to $20,000 per unit. And how long
will it take them to make that back?
Because it will be a drag quarter after
quarter while that flywheel is spinning
up. There will be a day in a year or two
or three where it turns positive and
never looks back. How big of a drag do
you expect that to be on cash flow?
&gt;&gt; You got to separate cash flow from
capital investment. So you're saying how
long will the cash flow?
&gt;&gt; Well, I'm sorry. the the cash on hand it
will draw it is likely to draw down cash
on hand.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. So cash on hand right now
is in the $40 billion range. If if their
capital investment is going to be 40
billion in the coming year, then you can
you can say that they will probably have
to go to the market for cash in the
first quarter of next year in that
range. And they're probably going to go
for a 10 $10 billion bond in that range
to keep their cash balances at about 12
to$18 billion. That's what that would be
my
you know notation on a napkin.
&gt;&gt; And how is it that Tesla has managed to
do the R&amp;D they have to expand the way
they have to build the factories the way
they have while still growing the cash
pile.
&gt;&gt; Isn't it incredible? They are so
&gt;&gt; there there are actually several reasons
for it. The one is they're incredibly
cash sensitive. They watch every penny
of of cash. Well, you'll say a lot of
public companies do that. Not to extent
that these the this company does. They
are very very well stewarded from a cash
point of view.
&gt;&gt; The second reason is that their margins
are classically higher than most other
companies. Their pricing is higher.
They're very very cautious
about overhead expenditures. So their
overheads I mean one of the reasons
you're going to see an incredible
quarter this quarter is that people
don't understand the operating leverage
they have because their operating costs
are so low. Any increase in gross margin
and we expect both a margin increase and
sales increase which means even more
gross margin is you know is is a greater
impact on the bottom line than than
normal and a greater impact on cash. So
they run their company the way a corner
grosser runs his company. They watch
every penny. I mean that's just a fact.
Tesla is a company that watches every
penny. So you don't get these multiple
levels of management where by the time
you get, you know, down the third or
fourth or fifth level, cash is is of no
consequence to the operator. The
operator doesn't give a doesn't give a
thought to cash. They're just looking at
the tasks and what their tasks are. at
Tesla because the there are no layers
because the it's such a flat operating
uh um system and and such a flat flat
management uh structure. Everybody at
the bottom is aware of what the guy at
the top is thinking and the guy at the
top is aware of what the guy at the
bottom is thinking and cash permeates
that consideration because Elon is so
cash sensitive. So the answer is it's
extraordinarily well-run company. It's
one of the bestrun companies in the
country, if not the best. I had a chance
to talk with a fairly high up uh insider
at Tesla. We had lunch and I asked him,
"How is your R&amp;D spend so low?" And he
said, "Oh,
because everyone is R&amp;D. I am R&amp;D. my
the person two rungs down from me. We
are all R&amp;D, right? I asked another
employee, "Is it true that they ask for
your input?" He said, "No, what's true
is that they require our input. And if
you don't provide input, I've seen my
manager go to other employees and say,
do you think everything's perfect?"
Because it isn't. How can we improve?
How can we make your job better or
easier, your product better or easier,
your assembly simpler? and they
implement it. Uh I talked to a
maintenance man who fixes the machines.
He fixes all the machines when they
break. He had he was doing uh he was off
on Friday. He came in on Monday. He
said, "Oh, you need to go fix the the
roller assembly on, you know, section
62, whatever the" And he said, "What the
heck is section 62?" "Oh, that's right.
You weren't here. Uh guy came up with an
idea on Friday. It's already in
practice.
How many meetings would that be at GM?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Could we get it done this year? I don't
know if we could.
&gt;&gt; And that translates directly to cash.
&gt;&gt; People don't understand it. But when
when you have those levels of management
collapse, a you save the cost of that
management, but more importantly,
the alignment between the guy at the top
and the guy at the bottom is so much
closer. And when cash is of consequence
to the guy at the top, it's of
consequence to the guy at the bottom.
Good cash management is not a result of
counting pennies. It's a result of
valuing pennies, placing high value on
the penny.
&gt;&gt; When I worked in a restaurant in
college, I worked at Olive Garden. They
switched out our cloth napkins for paper
napkins because the cost was three
pennies. And some of our customers
complained, but they still came back.
And so we complained to our manager who
complained to the regional manager who
came in and told us why they did it. He
said, "Three pennies doesn't sound like
much. Do you know how much that is for
one restaurant for one day? Now, let's
multiply it by 500 restaurants in 365
days. It is many. It is it's it's maybe
not millions, but it was an awful awful
lot of money."
&gt;&gt; And and what I tell people is if you can
save 50 bucks per car, I mean 50 bucks,
who cares? It's a $50,000 car. Who
cares? Well, you're making a million of
them a year. So, over 10 years, that's a
half a billion dollars. It adds up real
fast. And how do you save 50 bucks?
Well, can we make it so that the lines
are a little closer together?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes, we can.
&gt;&gt; Um, that's why so many companies now are
doing green field construction rather
than renovating their old factories.
There are inherent inefficiencies in the
in the skeleton. And you can't change
the skeleton without, you know, major
surgery. At that point, just tear it
down and start over.
&gt;&gt; And,
&gt;&gt; you know, we just have to take the
counterpoint. We just have to look at
like look at a company like Lucid
&gt;&gt; and look at
&gt;&gt; we better look fast
&gt;&gt; and look at the way they spent money. I
mean, and it all came from the top. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Rollinsson, you know, he demanded the
best of everything regardless of cost.
And so they made everything better,
quote, better than Tesla, unquote. And
that was his mantra. What he didn't do
better than Tesla is watch the bottom
line. What he didn't do better than
Tesla is watch the pennies. What he
didn't do better than Tesla is watch the
cash.
And so, yes, he made a great car.
There's no doubt about it. But, you
know, it's so great that it's going to
be
like a dinosaur. It's going to, you
know, be gone from the earth.
Absolutely true. On Lucid, uh there's a
lot of little things they were never
able to work out and I attribute that to
them lacking the scale to do it. It's
hard to fix some things unless you make
a hundred thousand of them, a million of
them. And what's crazy is there was
recently an energy deal announced in
Europe, a big one in Italy, in the UK, I
think that was something like, you know,
a $5 billion megapac deal. And I said,
$5 billion? Let me look up what Lucid's
revenue is lifetime. And it was 1.6
billion. lifetime.
&gt;&gt; You can't burn a billion dollars a
quarter when you've only made 1.6
billion in your history.
&gt;&gt; Well, you can if it's Saudi money.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Somebody else's money. That's the
easiest kind to spend. And it does feel
like a lot of companies spend it like
it's someone else's.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yep. That's the beauty about this flat
management. you know, when the guy at
the top and the guy at the bottom talk
to each other and share their
experience.
&gt;&gt; So, I've got one more big question for
you on this and then I'll cut you loose,
let you get back about your day because
we've been recording for what feels like
nine years between the two videos we
shot over on Herbert's channel. Go check
those out. Brighter with Herbert and the
two videos here. Larry and I did one
just a day or so ago. Well worth a
watch. The last question I have is
you've run businesses.
Explain to someone who doesn't know what
is the benefit of vertical integration
and how does that impact Tesla?
&gt;&gt; Well, vertical integration, you you
could you could call it by another name
and that's controlling your own destiny.
In vertical integration, you make
everything from the screw that you use
uh all the way up to the, you know, the
glass and the and and the the metal that
covers the the car. Well, vertical
integration is very hard to achieve in
complex products. extraordinarily hard
to achieve in complex products because
it doesn't merit creating an entire
steel mill to manufacture your own steel
when all you're buying is, you know,
possibly 20% of a of a typical or
economic size steel mill. Nonetheless,
the more you can the more you can
control of your own destiny, the more
you can control your costs and more
importantly your quality and more
importantly your supply chain. So it is
a tradeoff. How much do you own of the
stack? We call it a stack. Everything
from the screw all the way up to the
body.
uh how much you control
of the you know every single component
and putting every single component
together as opposed to having people
assemble assemblies for you and provide
those assemblies to you. The trade-off
is always the economic quantity that you
have to make versus the quality and
control that you want and cost. So
obviously a steel mill you're going to
pay them their price and a profit
because it pays you rather than to have
to build a steel mill manufacture all
that steel and sell only 20% and sell
80% of it off. But look at Tesla. They
built their own lithium plant lithium
refining plant. A lithium refining
plant. Now, the interesting part of that
lithium refining plant is even with half
the plant fully built out because they
they've got another half to still that
they can still build.
It's only providing them with a certain
percentage of their total lithium.
But why are they doing it? Because it's
the swing
quantity. It's the quantity that saves
them having to grubble and beg.
suppliers
versus keep, you know, a a reasonable
number of suppliers bidding for their
business because they've got their own
and are threatening to add another and
doubling their own production.
And it gets them acquainted with the
value of w with the process and allows
them to improve the process and maybe
even tell their partners, their their
supplier partners, how they can improve
their own process. So that kind of
tradeoff is very important. But what
Tesla has taught us
is the huge value of controlling your
own destiny as far as you can
economically
&gt;&gt; and that's what vertical integration is
all about. And Tesla is the they are the
state of art in integrating
you know as far as possible and
controlling their own destiny. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; There are other companies that have gone
too far with it. The most famous example
probably is Ford trying to uh harvest
their own rubber from a foundation, from
their own plantation. That was a
disaster. There's a reason companies
still buy their tires instead of make
their tires. Uh, and yeah, I I would
agree that Tesla has derisked their
supply chain. Whether it's making some
of their own batteries, not even the
majority, whether it's, uh, bringing all
the software in house, which has saved
their bacon too many times to count, uh,
and given them world-class products.
Guys, uh, huge thanks to Larry for
joining us today. This has been a
fantastic discussion. Larry is a whole
lot of fun. I still remember where we
met. It was at that uh Clive bar in
Austin. Uh we're were all there for an
afterparty and somebody yelled out,
"Brian, I didn't even know you were a
fan." It was very cool. I'll never
forget it. So guys, what did we miss?
What do we misunderstand? Leave it in
them comments below. Are you subscribed?
You got to subscribe. It's free. I'm
trying to get to 100,000. It's taking
forever and I need your help. Everybody
else, stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
cannot wait to hear from you, clever
robots. Perhaps October 10th when I'll
be back in Texas.