Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Is Tesla Stock Still Worth WAITING For?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNBTH4U-Hmc
Published:   2026-07-21 20:54 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-21 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We have to talk about Tesla and the
greater state of the market today
because Tesla has its earnings call
tomorrow and everyone is talking about
the stock how disappointed they are and
how everyone is mad at Elon and so as
you probably know we see a lot of
progress objectively with Cyber Cap
scaling all over the place especially
the production of Cyber Cap. We had this
big discussion today about are there
actually steering wheels in there? Are
they all fazads meaning cyber caps with
the steering wheel and so on and so
forth. You know the whole argument about
is Tesla going to change the world? Are
they going to actually roll out FSD and
robo taxis or are will will they be
delayed again? People are incredibly
frustrated and that's because of the
stock. The stock is not going anywhere.
Today it's a little bit up. Of course
with the market we see a lot of things
actually happening but in general we
have been flat for a very long time and
that is very depressing for a lot of
people. So it's time to take a little
bit of a big bigger picture look here.
Here's the stock up 3.11%. But that
doesn't help at all because we were
there here just one trading day ago. We
are on this downtrend for 5 days and for
a very long time. Year to date we are
totally down 15%.
5 years we are not up much. Oh 5 years
we actually up now because there was a
total crash in 2021 but five and a half
years we would be down. So why is
everyone so frustrated and what does it
all mean? And I posted about this today
in the context of a much bigger thread
about the state of the market. And I
just want to read you this and then
explain what I mean by that. My big
picture take on the state of the best AI
stocks starting with Tesla. I said robo
taxi will make between 20,000 and
$50,000 per robo taxi per year in margin
at scale.
Let that sink in. A Model Y makes
roughly 6,000 bucks on a lucky day in
margin once when it's being sold. A robo
taxi, a cyber cap at scale will make
between 20 and 50. It's still a wide
range, but we are approximating 45,000
our base model at scale in the next 5
years for robo taxi. So every single
robo taxi that's being deployed is the
equivalent of seven Model Y's sold every
single year. By the way,
1 million robo taxis means $50 billion
in Ebbit, 10x the current Tesla Ebbit.
So the earnings of the entire Tesla
corporation go to 50 billion at a
million robo taxis roughly maybe at 1.5
million, who knows in the beginning, but
that's a lot of money. That's a 10x
growth of the entire earnings profile of
Tesla at 1 million robo taxis. And the
market for robo taxis exceeds 100
million robo taxis globally deployed by
far by the way closer to probably 300
million but that would include the
entire world. So
in addition there's robo tracking
tracking that probably doubles this
entire market. Autonomous trucks that
make enormous amounts of money. So you
of course you don't need 100 million
trucks semi-truckss that Tesla is now in
the process of ramping up and it's just
a question of time and these trucks
become autonomous probably next year.
Okay, that's the bigger state of things.
That's why everyone is so used to be so
bullish on Tesla.
Currently there's no competition. Whimo
is a joke as you know way more work to
be done before they become a competitor.
No light at the end of the tunnel in my
opinion. Maybe some Chinese can figure
it out in the next couple of years. You
never know with China. They're
surprising on the upside. I think by
2029 they probably have figured out too.
So the question for this entire
depressing situation about Tesla stock
is this. When will Tesla achieve true
FSD? Meaning the ability to remove the
limits to sending cyber caps to work. In
other words, when can we actually use
these golden cyber caps and deploy them?
Okay, I mean, they're being produced by
the thousands at this point. I told
everyone repeatedly in July, which is
right now, they will produce over 1,000
cyber caps. They have a run rate of over
1,000 cyber caps production. That is my
estimate based on the pictures we are
seeing. and triangulating this. Here's
250 in one batch in one day. So, what
are the odds they're producing four of
these batches a month? Extremely high.
What are the odds we are hitting 2,000
per month by September? Extremely high.
We are in the middle of a ramp rate that
can only be explained that Tesla is very
confident about this. But I want to give
you a bigger picture perspective on the
stock.
It doesn't even matter who is exactly
right. Okay, I think it's going to be
this year. I think it's going to be in
the next 3 months that we see that
inflection point. But people point out,
Joe, you have been wrong because you
said May, then you said June, now it's
July. You said we will see some scaled
roll out of cyber cap in May and then
June. I was wrong on both counts. Even
though we are scaling them, but we are
not rolling them out.
So people argue, what if you continue
what what if Joe continues to be wrong
and we just don't roll it out and
everyone stays depressed. I don't think
that's possible. I think the worst case
is next year. If I'm totally wrong, it's
going to happen in 2027. Okay,
once Cyber Cap is being rolled out, it
will be able to just scale because Tesla
strategy is clearly to wait with a roll
out. Otherwise, they could do it now. We
know they can have unsupervised robo
taxis on the street. They're doing this
every day. Hundreds of these things all
over the place. Okay, they could do it
with cyber cap. Clearly they're not
doing it. Clearly they are waiting for
the point when they have enough
confidence that they can actually roll
them out in a scaled way into the
thousands, tens of thousands, hundred th
hundreds of thousands. So that means
whenever this point comes in time, they
will very quickly scale this to a
million. That is what the analysts do
not understand including including Mong
Stanley. Unfortunately, Mong Stanley
says 30,000 cyber caps by 2030. I think
that's a complete impossibility.
Either we are at 100 cyber caps in 2030
because they failed or we are at
millions.
You cannot be at 30,000. If you're at
30,000, you can scale this the next
month to 300,000 if you're Tesla. So
30,000 is a nonsensical number. It's
either one or zero and if it's one you
can scale them into the demand and the
demand will be extremely enormous as we
can model out from here to Timbook 2.
You know it's easy to model this out
because people need transport. Once you
offer transport at that price there will
be tens of millions of people wanting
that then it's just a question of
rolling it out.
So that is the big picture and we get a
little lost in this because maybe you
guys watch too much Tesla influencers or
read too many Tesla exp posts whatever
it is that we forget you know while we
are watching the stock price and getting
angry all day long.
This is not how Tesla operates. Tesla
wants to get this stuff done. They are
making progress. They're systematically
putting it in. and they will roll it out
when the time is right and that time
will come very soon. So the question is
is it worth waiting for?
That's the big question, the mother of
all questions. So if this can happen
next week or in two months or in 3
months or in 6 months, but if I'm wrong,
it can happen in 12 months. Should we
wait for it? Should we have our capital
deployed in Tesla stock? And there's a
very clear answer to that.
And the answer is right here. The answer
is it depends. Okay, it depends.
If you are an institutional investor,
meaning let me explain what
institutional means effectively, it
means you're full-time and experienced
with a focus on the greater AI story. If
you're either an institution and
therefore full-time doing this as a job
or you're not an institution but you are
doing it full-time as a job and you're
very experienced,
here's the answer. It's probably not
worth waiting for this because you don't
have a reason to wait for it. You can
deploy your capital in more attractive
opportunities if you know how to do that
while you're watching Tesla and just
switching back when the time is right.
Hey, on this channel we do something
very important. We deeply analyze,
understand, and predict capital, AGI,
and politics. Not just to beat the
markets and make a lot of money, even
though that's important, but also to
build a new society and make the future
good for all of us, the pioneers. If you
want to help me on this journey, you can
do that by doing a very simple thing.
Like and subscribe. It helps me a lot.
Thank you so much for your support. And
let's get back to the video.
You can make a lot of money every month
on other things.
For example, I at in the meantime, by
the way, Micron is my largest position.
Tesla is still the second largest
position now, but Micron very tactically
right now is my largest position mostly
in short puts. By the way, I have nearly
no Micron shares. It's all short puts
because the premiums are just too
tempting. But my net exposure to Micron
is now bigger than my net exposure to
Tesla. Even though my net exposure to
Tesla is relatively large. I toned it
down for earnings. I do not like playing
earnings. I have my core position of
course and a little bit short puts
because I think we're just too low. And
if Tesla drops to 360 or whatever, I
don't mind. I lose a little money.
But I am not big risk on Tesla
throughout earnings. So yes, I
tactically shifted to micron. We are not
going to discuss it in this video. We
will have another video on Micron coming
this week. Um because Micron is my most
attractive alternative to Tesla right
now. It's very dangerous to play Micron
because we are up 10% today. Once we get
into the $1,000 range, we have to be
very cautious because that can be a
fake, a head fake. We can drop back.
Micron is not out of the woods in my
opinion. It was a total buy when I went
all in around 850. Now I'm not scaling
back yet, but I'm not doubling down a
lot. So I have these short puts mostly
900, 850, 880 strike prices weekly
runtime. Maybe end of next week some. So
I am not chasing this. But of course it
was vastly more profitable than Tesla
over the last today, yesterday.
Uh, but
that is only true if you are a full-time
investor and you know exactly what
you're doing, you're good in analysis,
you're spending your whole day and
you're full-time on this and you know
how to execute the trades.
Okay, if you're very talented and have
very good research and keep a close eye
on robo taxi because of course Tesla is
a good investment in my opinion for
everyone else. And here's the key
sentence. Tesla remains a great
long-term bet, better than SpaceX right
now.
Just as a little side note, I think
SpaceX is still still too high and Tesla
is relatively too low. And so that's my
takeaway here. We have to take a step
back and understand that the crazy
progress that Tesla is making
independent of the stock performance,
which is atrocious,
is just a fact. And before or to wrap it
up, I have one last comment. Okay, one
last comment. There is a person out
there and his name is Elon Musk. And
there's a lot of discussions right now
about Elon. A lot of people are actually
hating on Elon. Okay, they hate on Elon.
They say, "Elon, you betrayed us. You
were playing tricks. You were delaying
robo taxi so you can merge with SpaceX.
Elon told us the wrong numbers." And now
we are all very mad at Elon. Elon Musket
also has a Twitter account. He has 240.9
million followers. And
I want to just give you I will have a
deeper dive into that. I want to have an
extra video just on Elon's mindset and
what's happening because I think I have
a very good understanding of what Elon
is actually thinking. Don't ask me why.
I just can explain his behavior very
well.
And I know it's very well because I make
predictions and I'm I'm right about it.
So, it seems to be the right mental
model. Put yourself into Elon's shoes.
Do you really think Elon is sitting
there looking at your stock account and
says, "Oh, how can I screw this guy
over?" No.
Elon is busy. He has a master plan for
himself. I have a master plan for
myself. Maybe you have a master plan for
yourself. So, he's just like us, only
with more money and a lot of skills. And
Elon's little master plan is, you know,
the whole thing. He wants to have a
Kardash civilization. He wants to have
fun. He wants to see that he's the most
amazing engineer ever. He wants to build
all that stuff. We know exactly what
stuff it is. It is Optimus. It is Robbo
taxi. It is Starship. It is the AI
satellites. It is Grock. That's his big
picture thing. He's doing little side
gigs on Boring Company uh on X.
But you take a step back. That is your
Elon universe. We know two things. Two
things. Elon cannot work on all that
stuff at once. He cannot. He is just
human. Despite what some people think,
Elon is just smart, very smart, but he's
a human. He has limited attention and
time. He has to focus on what's most
important. What is most important in his
master plan? The answer is very simple.
At any given point in time, what is most
important for him is what delivers the
highest return on attention, on his
attention.
And when you look at it, the highest
return on his attention, his management
and engineering attention is clearly not
Robo Taxi. Right now, Robo Taxi is being
handed out off to a shock. There is
nothing to do here for him. Roboaxi is
chugging along, no pun intended. It's
doing its little thing. The team is on
it, is optimizing it. It is boring for
Elon. There's nothing to add. The team
does its job and all the exciting stuff
is already done. From time to time, he
might look at the model. It's in the
hands of this team. What about Optimus?
Optimus is a little more interesting for
Elon, but again, he put a lot of effort
into that last year, revamping the
program, firing everyone, and he said it
was a mess. Now it's on track. They're
doing their thing. They whatever,
optimizing the little hands of the
robots or the large hands, who knows?
Uh, boring, if you ask me. Boring for
Elon. There's nothing to do. It's now in
the hands of the hand robot designers,
robot hand designers. There's a little
embodied AI models. This is all like
known stuff. You just ask a bunch of
Nvidia engineers, bunch of Chinese.
There's nothing exciting here for
Optimus. It doesn't mean Elon doesn't
take a look every week for two hours on
Optimus, maybe one hour on Robo Taxi.
But that's not where the money is. Where
is the money?
big picture the money
and the interesting thing about the
money is in two things in the larger
Elon universe right it's also not X it's
not X money all that stuff can be run by
other people right now the central key
lever for Elon's universe
are three pieces number one Starship
because if Starship can reland it's just
game over
here's his feet by the
So, if they can reland Starship, it's
game over. But also
also, and you see, by the way, here is
the rocket. Here's the satellite. He's a
little focused on SpaceX. Starship has
to relland. I don't I think Elon is very
involved there, but it's also in the
hands of the engineers. Number two, it
is the AI satellite. And I think that is
something Elon is spending a lot of time
secretly behind the scenes because it's
not the hardest thing to solve. But if
you solve that in time and get that AI
satellite commercially up and running
next year, right when Starship becomes
reusable and all these things, you're
ready for fullblown space AI compute
build out in 2028. And that will be the
biggest thing that ever happened in
humanity, much bigger than Robo Taxi.
That is my prediction. Elon will focus
on that until it's solved. I think it
will be solved by the way very soon this
year for sure and then his attention is
somewhere else.
The second big piece, so it's three
pieces, but two of them are Starship and
AI satellites because they unlock the
biggest thing that ever happened which
is space compute
short-term and long-term mega earnings.
The second thing he is very focused on
is Grock because with Curser he's
suddenly at the frontier. The merger
with Curser was absolutely decisive. So
now he's with Grock and Kursa developing
AGI and that is worth his time and it's
extremely exciting.
And that is my prediction if I had to
make a bet. These are the highest
yielding returns for Elon right now.
Just objectively if you look at
everything it is Grock and AGI and it is
of course
Starship and the AI satellites and that
means not too much focus on Tesla. That
doesn't mean nothing happens at Tesla
but it means we're chugging along. This
is all systematized. Roboax is
completely understood. It's completely
planned and will chug along. And from
time to time Elon's going to look at it
and say like what the hell? Why is it so
slow?
That is the mindset he's in and that's
why he's saying sometimes stupid things
about robo taxi. He's not paying enough
attention. Tomorrow we'll see if I'm
right. How engaged is he on the Tesla
earnings call. My prediction is not
much. So, I hope that was interesting.
We'll see tomorrow how Elon behaves.
Maybe I'm wrong, but we'll see you
tomorrow in the earnings call. I hope
that was interesting. See you very soon.