Channel:     futureaza
Title:       HW3 vs HW4/AI4 - What it's worth by the numbers.
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gd3lXpQQabc
Published:   2026-06-28 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-28 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

So, a viewer recently reached out to me
and said he's got this new tool that can
help you determine the value of a used
Tesla. Uh, how do you do that? Well, you
you know, you could just look at what
hardware it has. You could look to see
if the FSD is already purchased, but
what if it could just do that for you
and then give you a real value and then
tell you, well, Kelly Blue Book says it
should be this, but it isn't. It's too
low or too high. Kelly Blue Book blends
those values together. And especially
when you're looking at like a 2023 where
it may have hardware three or it may
have hardware 4. How do you know which
is which? Do you even know which screens
to go into? Maybe I could give you a
checklist or I could just see if this uh
fun web page works. So, we're going to
check it out. We're going to hop in the
car. We're going to take a look. And
you're saying, "Well, wait. Uh I don't
know if I even want this service. Uh
can't I just uh have it, you know, have
my own checklist?" And you know, I
definitely want FSD. So, should I get
this? If you definitely want FSD, you
want hardware 4 or you want hardware
three where it's already purchased. And
if you definitely don't want FSD, even
better because you could have a car from
October of 23 that's got the hardware 4
and it's too much. If you're never going
to use FSD, you're paying too much. Get
one that's a a month older that doesn't
have hardware for. And it varies by
which model it is when they put the
hardware 4 in. For the SNX, it went in
even earlier. So, we're going to hop in.
We're going to see what it looks like.
We're going to see if it's any good. And
if it is, I'll reach out to John, see if
I can get you a coupon code, cuz you
know, why not? I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurosa.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, I've got my assistant
here. Let's see what we can figure out.
Here you are, assistant.
Let's uh hop in the car, see what we can
make work. Okay, so we are in the car.
Uh what you're going to do is just pull
up the software screen. Boom. Just like
that. I'm going to go to the interwebs
and I'm going to go to boltwise.com.
So here we are at boltwise and know
before you buy, prove before you sell.
Smart decisions for buyers, sellers, and
fleet investors. They're all different
and why it matters. So, you can read
this yourself. You can go to the
website. I will put a link even if I
don't get a coupon code. So, uh the
packages subject to pricing change. If
you want it, get it. But, um it's a
brand new company. This is still in
beta. So, if it doesn't work on the
selling it, you know, you could it'll
print you out a buyer report. If you're
buying and selling, there's a combo
there. And there's even a build a robo
taxi fleet section, which is kind of
neat. And there's also a dealer side
version of it that has, you know, more
um more tools for car dealers. So, I've
got I've got a backend login here that
John gave me. So, so we're on the
software page. Take a photo.
And take a photo. Click. Okay. Yes. Use
that. Now, I'm going to zoom in and see
what it says. reading screen.
See how long it takes. There we go.
Screen read fields filled below. We're
visible. All fields are clearly there,
etc. And then uh some code stuff there.
Great. So now we go into additional
vehicle information. And that's it.
Let's try taking a picture of that. See
if it reads. Yes, please.
Reading additional vehicle information.
It says title status unknown. So it
looks like in the future they're going
to be doing that. Screen loaded
successfully.
Okay. So run the assessment.
So it's saying this vehicle 37787
is what Kelly Blue Book will put it at.
But it's saying nah, it's not worth that
because we don't we haven't purchased
the FSD. You see it's got a renewal date
on there. So that means that that's
going to expire. It has the hardware but
not the software purchased. So I looked
on Plat Auto. And for this car without
purchased FST, that's a that's about
right. Maybe a little high. Um, but it's
saying that if you're just going by
Kelly Blue Book, if the dealer, if the
used car guy is going to be showing you
that, um, then you're going to get
pretty annoyed because you're going to
be overpaying. So, but this is a 25.
Let's try it on a on a 23. So, let's go
over to the super filthy gray car and
see what that Model Y is going to tell
us.
car super filthy because the automated
car wash that's touch-free has been
broken for two weeks. And this is like
shameful, embarrassing, but I'll be
I'll be I'll be darned if I'm going to
wash it myself now.
So, let's do Oops. Unlock it. Let's
assess another car here. There a button
here. Evaluate another vehicle. Let's
see what we got on here.
software.
There we go.
Tech a photo.
I think that's clear enough. See what it
says. Reading screen.
There we go. All fields visible. Let's
take a photo. Go into additional vehicle
information.
Take out a picture.
Let's see what we got.
Reading additional vehicle info. Boy, it
does a pretty read successful. Does a
good job.
Okay, let's run that assessment.
Okay, so this says Kelly Blue Book
estimated value 337, but the actual
value is higher.
It is underpriced. So if you are buy if
you're looking to get hardware for the
beauty is the you can tell the used car
lot hey don't charge me you know 33 I
guess that's okay it's got hardware 4
you can get FSD you've got hardware 4 so
you can do the latest version 14 not 14
light but the real thing 14 light should
be out any day fingers crossed I'm more
inclined to believe it'll be out on Elon
time which is to
2 weeks or end of next year. Those are
the two that he always says. So, that's
pretty interesting. Now, if this vehicle
was a couple months older, it'd be worth
a lot less and then that 33749 would be
too high. So, you can share outcome. You
can link it there or you can just create
a listing page if you're going to try
and sell it. You can add a bunch of
photos.
And if the text is too small for me it
is, just zoom in. Just do the reverse
pinch.
Uh yeah. Bolt wise valuation. Oh, right.
That's this page. That's this
assessment.
Yeah. Um because it has
Oh, you know what? Does it have an
adjustment?
It might. I'll ask John. It might.
It only has an adjustment for long range
all-wheel drive, but no adjustment for
the third row. Oh, yeah. That's not
going to show up on here, is it?
Interesting. So, I'll find out about
that and see what he says. Um, I like
it. I think this has got some value to
it. I like it. I think it's got some
value. Um, I think if you're looking to
buy one, again, if you really want FSD,
this is a product for you because it'll
help you know what you're getting. you
want hardware four. If it's going to be
hardware three, then what you would need
to do is say, uh, does it have it
already purchased? Because then Tesla's
stated and reiterated that you have a
path to upgrade, uh, that they will
upgrade you. They will make you right,
which they should. You paid somewhere
between eight and $12,000, maybe even
more. So on that, you would want that.
And then of course this would work on
other cars than threes and Y's, but
those are the big volume cars. And if
you definitely don't want FST, get a 23
Model Y from just before they switched
over because you're going to have the
same premium sound. You're going to have
the same everything except for the
hardware, except for the AI computer and
the, you know, under the hood, I guess,
under the dashboard is where that is.
except for the slightly different
cameras or slightly different resolution
is not going to be a big deal. It does
have the AMD Ryzen so you can uh the
advantage there is if you don't have it
if you have the Intel processor. I don't
know if those are running Grock yet. Not
everyone wants to run Grock. Not
everyone cares. So, um yeah, some value
adjustments in there. Uh what do you
guys think? Is this a winner or not? And
again, if there if I'm able to get a
coupon code, it'll be up on screen and
in the description. And if not, hey man,
I did my best. So, what did I miss? What
did I misunderstand? Beats me, man.
Leave it in them comments below.
Everyone else, like, subscribe, do what
you do, and stay tuned. Stay juicy. And
I cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots. In a few short days, we uh are
over here. We can see the lumberjack
show. They're just starting to get it
set up. You can't see it through this
filthy filthy windshield, but uh Oh,
that's just chunky. That's mud. Uh but
they're getting the lumberjack show set
up. And if you really care about FSD
July
2nd and 3rd, David Moss is going to be
at our info booth in Long View,
Washington at The Thing. So, come on out
and join us. It's going to be a whole
lot of fun. Everyone else, stay tuned.
Stay juicy. You know what you're doing.
and I'll catch you on the next