Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Is About to Control the Entire AI Stack
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2iDuIE8mjk
Published:   2026-06-21 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-21 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The example we saw from Whimo 10 years
ago was a woman on a mobility scooter
doing circles in the middle of the road
chasing ducks. That wasn't in their
simulator. And there, but if you get
enough crazy things, as Elon had said,
if a UFO crashes on the road in front of
you, FSD needs to handle it.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Elon is trying to do is
shortcircuit all of that by saying
everything's going to be here. We're
just going to put it all in Texas and
it's all going to go up and we're going
to build this ridiculously large factory
and it's going to do everything from
design to taking in raw materials to
building out the wafers to constructing
to etching the wafers to testing the
wafers to um to packaging the wafers and
all of it's just right there. Tesla may
be compute constrained. Well, perhaps
not at this second, but certainly in the
foreseeable future, the world is a bit
compute constrained. And frankly, I'm
feeling a bit compute constrained
myself, but Tesla has a strategy, unlike
me. So, they're going to be building
their own chips. They're going to be uh
running their own data centers. They've
got a whole lot of capacity that will be
coming online because the challenges
they face are truly monumental to
tackle. Speaking of tackling monumental
tasks, I've got John, Dr. Knowit All
himself in the house. uh he's going to
share with us some of his wisdom and
brilliance and we'll get that all sorted
out as well. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; So, for those who don't know, uh John
knows a thing or two about this. He's
been covering it extensively for years.
Here is what he looks like on X. Uh look
at that. 68,000 followers. But that's
not the exciting part. Over on the tubes
of you, he's at 95,000 plus subscribers.
Guys, let's get them over the hump.
100,000 is a whole new world. YouTube
shows you an ounce of respect, but only
an ounce because they're not great
people. So, John, uh I don't know if
you've heard of this little company
called Tesla, but they are uh in the
business of business, and one of those
businesses is data centers. So, let's
start by talking about Cortex 1 and 2 uh
in Austin. Tell me what they are and
what they do. Well, they are u gigantic
data centers specifically for training
AI. Um, you know, because that's what
they have to do. They if if you have
driven with Tesla with their full
self-driving stack or anything like
that, or if you've even heard of
Optimus, the humanoid robot, then those
entities are being trained actively on
um on one of the Cortex computers most
likely. There they have other ones, too.
They have many many data centers, but
most likely it's one of those two. And
uh I I just got a new version of the
software on my Model Y and Cybertruck
overnight. So I don't know. It's it
looks like it's the same thing. So some
updates, but whatever it is, it was
trained on one of those guys. And what
they do is they have real world
information that they take from us. We
those of us driving, especially every
time we disengage full self-driving and
we're like, "Oops, that was a problem
because of whatever reason." And uh they
also do of course a lot of virtual
training where they have uh you know
these video game essentially they're
driving a GTA world and and
&gt;&gt; infinite simulated world.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Infinite simulated worlds that
they can generate on the fly to work on
very very specific issues. If you want
to have a moose crossing the road in Los
Angeles, you can do that, right? You
know, it's a seems like a unusual thing,
but it could happen. You never know. Uh
so so they can do the the crazy one in a
billion type of scenario and run it over
and over and over and over again until
the car gets it right and then they can
run it in the real world on real cars
and hopefully it works there too. So
yeah, that's what they do. The example
we saw from Whimo 10 years ago was a
woman on a mobility scooter doing
circles in the middle of the road
chasing ducks. that wasn't in their
simulator and there but if you get
enough crazy things as Elon had said if
a UFO crashes on the road in front of
you FSD needs to handle it.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; If you look at other companies, you
know, Rivian is very excited. They think
they will have FSD on the road by the
end of next year.
&gt;&gt; They don't appear to have sufficient
training data in my view and they don't
appear to have sufficient compute in my
view.
&gt;&gt; Am I missing something? Well, I I don't
want to say I mean I don't want to like
dump on Riven because I think that we
got to Did you have a chance to test
drive it in Michigan? Um, no.
&gt;&gt; Oh, it was very cool. So, we got to
drive the R1T when we were there. So,
&gt;&gt; Oh, I've I've driven the R1S. Uh, I had
a week with the R1S.
&gt;&gt; Oh, you had a whole week with it. Okay.
So, anyway, you've had more time than
us. But anyway, they have an autopilot
system that is similar to Tesla in the
sense that it uses cameras primarily.
Um, they do have a radar uh system, but
they primarily use cameras. And it is on
the level of
&gt;&gt; Tesla's autopilot from, let's say, maybe
5 years ago, something like that. It's
perfectly fine at keeping lanes. It will
follow a car in front of it. It will
stop if that car does, but it ain't
stopping at a stop sign. It ain't
stopping at a stoplight. It's not going
to change lanes. It's not going to turn.
All of that kind of stuff.
&gt;&gt; So, there's will change lanes on the
highway.
&gt;&gt; Oh, it will. Okay. I didn't.
&gt;&gt; It's more like enhanced autopilot, but
it will not take you off the highway. It
will not.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So,
&gt;&gt; so, so, but I mean, regardless of the
individual specific things, the
important part here is that where they
are is where Tesla was. This is four or
five years ago. And we all know that
Elon and a lot of people, including us,
were like, "Oh, it's right around the
corner. It's so close. We're just about
there." Well, it takes a long time to go
from there to where we are today, which
is significantly closer and in some
circumstances, I think, safer than human
drivers. Uh the the Tesla's version of
full self-driving. So, it takes a while
to get from one of those to the other.
And you know, Rivian's like, "Oh, next
year we'll have this." I'm like, "I I
doubt it. I I seriously doubt it."
Especially because they don't have as
many cars on the road as Tesla also. So,
they're missing a lot of data. Now, can
they do a lot of virtual world uh
training? Yeah, sure. But do they have a
Cortex computer um you know, data
center? I don't believe so. They don't
have anything that big, which means
they're either renting it from someone.
Ironically, it would be if they were
renting it from XAI
if they if they I mean, because they
have spare compute apparently. So, it
would be really ironic if they rented it
from them. But, um but anyway, I just I
don't see that happening within a year.
I just think it's difficult. It's a very
big problem. I I say that when I see a
company that is that early on that
believes they will have it solved that
quickly that they have yet to understand
the scope of the challenge. And uh I'm
rooting for Rivian. I really hope they I
enjoyed the R1S tremendously. It was a
lot of fun. Uh but self-driving is a
really monumental challenge. So in terms
of talking about the compute, we know in
Austin they are uh Cortex one is
constantly crunching FSD to make it
better and it and the closer we get to
perfect, the harder it is to find the
improvements to make to train it
properly. Cortex 2 is already partially
operational. We believe that's going to
be Optimus University where it learns to
humanoid.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; but in the future there may be a
shortage of chips. Not just because we
need infinitely more data centers and on
and off potentially offplanet, right?
&gt;&gt; But because all of these devices are
going to need these kinds of chips as
well.
uh tell me your take on your first
impressions of the idea of chip
fabrication a and especially compared to
your uh take on it once you found out
who the partners were
&gt;&gt; for Terraab specifically is that yeah so
so
&gt;&gt; I I can't I can't knock it as an idea I
think it is a fantastic idea it's
something that is necessary um Elon is
all about iteration speed the kind of
big picture about Terraab
is not just that it's another TSMC that
is a foundry that makes chips, which you
know, again, no knocking TSMC, what they
do is kind of voodoo. It's like magic at
this point. It's it's crazy what they
can do. But it's an extremely slow
process because Nvidia, their engineers
might design a chip um you know, layout
or something like that. They then have
to ship it off to Taiwan. And of course,
that's virtual, but you know, it's
electronic. They ship all the the data
over. They do some test runs, things
like that. They try to figure it out.
They're like, "Oh, this didn't work.
This didn't work." Back and forth, back
and forth, back and forth. They finally
produce the chips. Then they have to
ship it someplace else to do the
packaging to put it all into a PCB. All
of that kind of stuff happens all around
the world. And so that means that, you
know, I don't know, whatever the next
iPhone chip is going to be. I think it's
the 17 on this one and the 18 will be
whatever it is. But but that that chip
has to be in development for a year at
least. And I think that that's actually
a fairly short timeline. What Elon is
trying to do is shortcircuit all of that
by saying everything's going to be here.
We're just going to put it all in Texas
and it's all going to go up and we're
going to build this ridiculously large
factory and it's going to do everything
from design to taking in raw materials
to building out the wafers to
constructing to etching the wafers to
testing the wafers to um to packaging
the wafers and all of it's just right
there so that you can have these
incredibly fast iteration cycles
compared to what the traditional um way
is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And when I first saw the
announcement of chips, I was very very
skeptical because
&gt;&gt; it's a making cutting edge chip making
old chips uh yeah you can do that a lot
of companies do that right
&gt;&gt; but making cutting edge you know sub
five nanometer chips uh is a herculean
task that entire nations have failed to
do. But then we find out that no
&gt;&gt; very expensive too. Very expensive.
&gt;&gt; Half a trillion is what China has spent
to not catch up. Yeah. Uh but as a US
company you have access to ASML. You can
purchase the lithography equipment.
Yeah. You have to actually do it but you
can. Uh the real challenge becomes the
fabrication itself. And on that front I
remained skeptical. I said well they'll
use Grock to accelerate. I'm like no
we're not there yet. Exactly. But then
the Intel partnership was announced and
at that moment I said that's the missing
piece. That's where the puzzle comes
together.
&gt;&gt; Uh I did have some people say well he
would get the chip done even if late.
I'm like old chips are stale. You don't
want that. That's what killed dojo.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So it has to be
&gt;&gt; and earlier you said well they could put
hardware uh you know even if hardware 4
AI4 is sufficient for robo taxi in the
future it'll get newer chips. Yeah
because not only do they get you an
extra nine or three but they also
consume less energy.
&gt;&gt; Right. my old uh appliances at home
probably have state-of-the-art chips,
not because they're better than what
they need to be, but because they're
cheaper and more energyefficient,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; So, on the Intel partnership, what was
your take when you saw that?
&gt;&gt; I Well, like you said, I was very
excited about that. Intel,
I have to admit to an emotional um
connection with them. I I feel bad, you
know, because they they have fallen upon
very hard times. they they were the king
of the hill in the early 2000s and
really have had struggled. Um, but they
are they're and I'm gonna mess up the I
I don't have the details in my head
right now, but they are trying kind of
an end run around ASML around the
extreme uh EUV lithography trying to get
to the one or two nanometer process size
by using an entirely different
methodology. And it's one of those
&gt;&gt; it's one of those Hail Mary kind of
passes. If it works, they're going to
look like complete geniuses and it might
not work. So So you know Tesla's a
little bit in bed with them on that too
because again they're not going to be
building AI5 on 10 nanometer, you know,
old process nodes. They need the new
process nodes to run that because they
have to cram all those circuits, all the
transistors, everything into these chips
and they need to do it at very good
energy efficiency because that is super
important.
So obviously they're going to have
Samsung and TSMC build it in the near
term because I don't know how long it's
going to take this terapab to get built,
but it's not going to be like a year
from now, right? I I don't care how good
and how fast they are. They may be able
to get the physical building done in a
year and that I I have no doubt that
they can do that, but all of the stuff
and getting it working is going to be
extremely difficult. Now having Intel on
their side, fantastic because that means
they are going to be much much faster
and not make mistakes that uh you know
you and I I don't know how to build a
chip fab. I you know I know some basic
ideas but I don't know how to build it.
I know even things like the water like
the water has to be exactly perfectly
tuned and not just distilled but
&gt;&gt; one part per billion kind of stuff in
there has to actually be right. It's
just it's crazy how like I said it
really is more like voodoo. It's more
like magic than it is like science at
this point. TSMC when they built their
fab in Arizona found that there is no
source of sulfuric acid in North America
of sufficient purity
&gt;&gt; and all the companies were like we can
get it there.
&gt;&gt; Can you because we're having to ship it
over and uh that's that's not effective.
Right.
&gt;&gt; Um when you look at Intel's business
model, I had an opportunity to interview
a uh chip designer, not at Intel, but he
shared with me his insights about Intel.
And what he said was that
&gt;&gt; Intel found a way to make it so that the
imperfect chips are still sellable. Uh
you could bend them. When they pop them
out, they test them. And if they test
lower, you sell them into lower powered
equipment. That is a double-edged sword
because they created whole business
lines based on that philosophy and
there's no longer a motivation to get 97
98% yields because at 80% yield you've
still got and so as a result when they
were getting better and better the
business guys come in and go well we
still need the cheap ones right
&gt;&gt; so it came back to bite them so while
folks like TSMC are getting you know 98%
perfect yields and Intel's getting, you
know, 60%.
&gt;&gt; It becomes a problem.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Yeah. How do you remain profitable
if you can't build those chips at at at
high production yield? Because the
wasted chip is a lot of money. It's a
lot of time, a lot of money. You those
those wafers are literally single
crystals that are grown. It's the
craziest thing when you watch them get
made. It's absolutely nuts.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh, what are we what are we
thinking in terms of the competition?
Because one thing Elon has done quite
successfully is say, "Look, I'm going to
build my own batteries. I'm going to
build my own whatever it may be just to
kick the other guys into high gear."
We've seen announcements of Samsung and
TSMC increasing production to try and
take some uh, you know, let a little
pressure out of the system, right?
&gt;&gt; So, that maybe this won't motivate Tesla
to come and eat our lunch,
&gt;&gt; right? I I honestly think if the
humanoid robot space takes off like like
everyone is predicting that it it
doesn't matter. There's going to be
enough demand for chips that we're
talking decades and decades of just
infinite demand basically of just like
feed us all the chips you can give us.
So I I yes I do believe that Elon is
kicking them in the pants a little bit
and going like do better. But I also
think he really is he's being honest
too. He's like, "It doesn't really
matter. If they produce all the chips
they can and build out a lot of new
factories, we're still going to need
more. So, why not try it ourselves?" Is
it a big risk? It's a huge risk, but I
don't I don't disagree with it.
&gt;&gt; The to me, the risk is only money. It's
not like you're going to burn bridges.
It's just like with batteries. He said,
"Make no mistake. I will buy as many
batteries as you want to make, but in
order for me to derisk my supply chain,
&gt;&gt; uh Jordan Gasey had a video out on uh th
Wednesday about uh about the 4680,
right, and why it is actually a success.
And one of the reasons is the whole
point is to derisk. If China were to
somehow politically or business, for
whatever reason, you could no longer get
sales or components from China, Tesla
would be the only car maker in the west
standing. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The volume would go down, but they would
know how to fix it. They'd have a path
to do that. Whereas,
&gt;&gt; you know, with chips, we we don't know
the availability of chips. So, right,
&gt;&gt; the only risk is money. And money is
something that Tesla has a sufficient
amount of today to move forward with
this, especially when they're sharing
the cost with SpaceX, who freshly has 85
billion additional smackaroo bombs in
the purse.
&gt;&gt; So, I I think that's as good a spot to
end it. Did you have any closing
thoughts? My closing thought is that we
will let's rejoin in in you know a week
or so and let's talk about that Tesla
and SpaceX thing because I think there
is I think that's a lot of interesting
stuff to talk about. But we can wait.
We'll tease people. We can wait.
&gt;&gt; You have to subscribe and come back.
&gt;&gt; You have to subscribe and come back. But
do subscribe on John's channel because
I'm going to be over there sharing some
of my insights. He's got questions that
have not been asked of me. So you're
going to get fresh insights if you head
over there and check out our videos over
there. Guys, you're coming out saving
money. It's a bargain. So, what did we
miss? What do we misunderstand? Leave it
in them comments below. And everyone
else, like, subscribe, and stay tuned.
Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to hear
from you clever robots in the comment
section over on John's page.