Channel:     futureaza
Title:       SpaceX IPO Could Create The Biggest Wealth Explosion Ever
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frstNp7VwIE
Published:   2026-05-26 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-26 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There's a little company called SpaceX
launching a little thing called
ginormous rockets and they're doing it
better than anyone else. They've even
got the Starship which is still in
testing and showing amazing progress.
But that's not where SpaceX ends. It
ends somewhere over the horizon because
they've got Starling satellites. They
hope to have space-based constellation
level compute. They're hoping to do a
lot of things, but what they're going to
do first is go public. They're going to
have an IPO. So, I'm going to have a
quick chat with Randy Kirk, who's
joining me today from the beaches of uh
of old uh Hawaii itself. You may hear
some uh wave noises in the background.
Uh that is not his oscillating fan.
That's the ocean, which I asked him to
turn off and he declined. So, if we hear
it, we hear it. If we don't, we don't.
But we're going to have a chat about
SpaceX, about the obstacles it faces,
about the IPO, what it means, and
upcoming SpaceX competition. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurasa.
&gt;&gt; Well,
&gt;&gt; go for it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, I don't know if
you heard Randy, but SpaceX aims for
10,000 annual launches within 5 years.
The FAA has said, well, I mean, kind of
everyone said that, right? I mean,
&gt;&gt; yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX said that as well.
&gt;&gt; One every one every two minutes,
something like that.
&gt;&gt; Well, you know, I've seen some good math
on this and I've seen some pretty bad
math on this. What I wonder now, well,
we'll first talk about what Brian
Bedford said, the FAA administrator,
when he met with Gwen Shotwell. Now, I
covered this Monday on a news update,
but I figured uh we go into greater
depth here. Brian Bedford said he met
with them and he said that goal's
ambitious uh but uh what we need first
is we need to see a lot more
reliability.
uh to which my question would be what
what are you talking about?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So I mean obviously I guess he's
talking about Starship reliability
because of course it is a brand new
product and it's on its
&gt;&gt; uh third iterations I think since they
started uh you know doing this including
the most reasonable which was a
completely new build like almost you
know
&gt;&gt; almost everything like almost everything
was was changed including the amount of
capability and and it was pretty
flawless. I mean, yeah. So, hard to hard
to fault uh a a a vehicle that did all
that it did on that particular flight.
But I think that's true that before he's
going to allow Tes SpaceX to go pedal to
the metal on 10,000 flights a day, he's
going to want to see, you know, a
thousand flights or whatever that come
back to come back to the launch tower
and land perfectly and don't burn things
up and don't hurt people. Yeah, I think
so. I think that burning people up is
bad and I don't care who disagrees with
me. I'm gonna stick to my guns on that
one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh I will point out uh I don't know if
you know this one Randy, but the safety
level of the Falcon 9 Block 5, it's had
what 550 580 launches. One was not
successful and that one was due to a
relight on the second stage. Uh even in
terms of landings, they're almost
perfect. Uh not quite perfect. There's
been a mishap or two with no damage and
no injuries. Uh but those still result
in a instant report which is reviewed.
Fortunately, SpaceX knows their work
better than anyone else. So the FAA
says, "Look, we're going to ex take your
findings and work on them. In the
meantime, you can just keep launching
because I'm confident you guys know what
you're doing. Uh I did want to mention
some other things real quick before we
get into it. I just had to mention uh
Moskegan coming up. It says 10 days is
probably nine days when you're seeing
this. Uh whole bunch of great speakers.
Uh you can read for yourself who all of
them are. Uh we're going to have a whole
lot of fun. Uh these are people who come
out for the community. Volta, not a real
person. Hopefully, we haven't made a
furry suit for it. Uh, but you never
know. And I know what you're saying.
Mkegan, that's too far. I'm in the
Northwest. Well, this Saturday is a meet
up at 10 a.m. at the Supercharger uh by
the Target in uh Oregon there uh in
Hillsbor and we're going to do a drive
out to Camp 18, a historic logging
place. We're going to have breakfast.
Join us, won't you? Uh and of course uh
this Saturday, check your local
location. Tesla's hoping hosting opening
houses. Uh, this one's at Tesla Tiger
from noon to 3. I'll probably be there
around 1:30, 2 o'clock if you'd like to
say hello. Uh, space is limited. RSVP to
secure your spot. I'm going to tell you
right now, no, it isn't. Space is
unlimited. If you want to go look at new
cars, they will let you. Uh, but the
gifts are limited. First come, first
serve while supplies last. So, uh,
that's a whole bunch of fun. You know
what's uh what else is fun is figuring
out where you're going to put a third
heavy launch site.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now, we are going to talk IPO in a
minute, but first I wanted to ask you,
you know, you can't you can't launch
10,000 from two sites. There's there's
not enough room to place the
infrastructure for the fueling at the
existing sites at Vandenberg, at uh Cape
Canaveral. It's you can't you can't
where could be a third location or a
fourth or a tenth location because I
think realistically you're going to need
10 20 launch sites.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean there are all kinds of
possibilities here. Um depending on what
the what what Starship is really going
to do. If it's really going to be just
shooting stuff up into space, you could
even do it on some islands um uh where
where you you're not really having to
bring that much out to the island to get
get it done. If we're really talking
about point-to-point human traffic, uh,
then obviously it's going to be it's
going to need to if even is on an
island, it needs to be close to shore.
You also have a bunch of limitations
that I don't have. I'm not a scientist
on this. I have no clue, but there's
something to do with the rotation of the
Earth, closer to the equator, um, all
kinds of stuff like that which you're
trying to accomplish. Um, and that's why
we are at Cape Canaveral. That's why we
are in in star space. No, Star.
&gt;&gt; Starbase. Starbase. That's why we're in
Starbase.
&gt;&gt; Uh, and but there's also around the
world. I don't know that this will be
limited to the United States. There is
potential that there would be some of
these launch sites elsewhere.
&gt;&gt; All correct. So, the first concern is um
is it in the right uh lat longitude
latitude? Is it is it at the right
degrees from the equator? And there are
advantages to going a little farther
north. There are tremendous advantages
to being close to the equator because
the globe do spin despite uh what your
crazy uncle pretends to believe. Uh so
uh but the big thing is you want a place
that is accessible but isolated because
the neighbors are gonna complain. If you
watch Joe Tegmire's footage from the
launch, which I did, I reposted it on X
because it was so striking. And even
though they are miles away, when the
sound hits them, you can see all the
glass behind them flexing. Uh, that's
very exciting. Once in a while, three
times a day, I think would result in
PTSD.
I don't know of a place on earth where
someone won't complain. I don't
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I I you know, see, it's
it's all a matter of the of the timing
because uh I grew up in St. this just
about where I went to school was only a
couple of miles from McDonald Douglas uh
which made our Air Force jets and we
would have sonic booms you know two or
three of I mean big sonic booms where
the teacher had to stop teaching um you
know sometimes they would be two or
three times a day and nobody complained
because why rah USA back in the 50s
compared to what we have today
&gt;&gt; sure and I guess that's possible I guess
that's possible that it could be seen as
new and exciting exciting. Somebody's
always going to complain. You can't
&gt;&gt; find a block, a city block in this world
where no one complains. Humans are very
good at that. That's one of our natural
talents. I could see if the location is
uh workable for some launch
trajectories. the uh Nevada desert being
a good spot or you know the Southwest,
Arizona, New Mexico, that's where um
&gt;&gt; uh the Virgin Galactic launch site was
and literally no one complained because
it is far from anything and it's not a
very big rocket.
&gt;&gt; It's not super powerful and it doesn't
ignite at ground level which also helps.
So, uh, yeah, I think I don't know, the
Southwest is my is my guess because you
also want to keep these on US soil to
the extent possible, uh, for security
reasons. And how do you move a Starship
or a booster from Texas to to somewhere
else? You fly it. And I know they're
building at least three launch towers at
Cape Canaveral. Um, I I don't know
whether they're building any here in
California. Uh, they've certainly been
shooting Falcons out of Southern
California, but I don't know whether
they're going to do space a star
starship out of Southern California.
&gt;&gt; If you could do your launches on the
hour, you could pretend it's a public
service to let people know what time it
is. But I don't think launch windows
line up quite like that. That would be
hilarious if they did. Hey, what's the
point of this video, Randy? Uh, I'll
tell you what it is. SpaceX IPO filing
offers first glimpse at Starling
subscribers uh subscriber numbers and
the financials. Tell me about the SpaceX
IPO. Tell me just everything.
Everything. Oh my goodness. Well, let's
see. We got we an IPO is when you go
public initial public offering and
there's going to be a share price that
will be the initial share price that
people can subscribe to prior to that
date. Actually, I think you can change
it. they they they come up with a final
IPO number like within 24 hours, I
think, and then you can change how many
shares you want to buy and what your
what your maximum you're willing to pay
is. Um, and but then you're then you're
locked in and then the the next day the
the stock goes public, the IPO price is
no longer available and the stock either
stays the same or goes up or goes down.
One of those three is guaranteed. I can
promise. Anyway, and so I think a lot of
people are thinking it'll go up from
there because of the fact it's going to
be so overs subscribed and a lot of
people are not going to get as many
shares as they want. Um, and so there
will be people that are trying to get in
before it goes from 200 or whatever that
IPO really is to 300 or 500 or whatever
what because we've seen some craziness.
I think it was Lucid that went, you
know, to hundred million dollars or
something.
&gt;&gt; It was crazy.
&gt;&gt; It was crazy. I
&gt;&gt; we have seen Yeah.
&gt;&gt; 100 billion I think.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It was We've seen some crazy
IPO valuations. Um I had a friend I said
uh boy, you know, I thought about Google
when it IPOed and he goes and I said and
I'm disappointed that I didn't. And he
goes, "Yeah, but that was guaranteed." I
go, "No, no, no, no, no, no. That's not
how it works. If it was guaranteed, that
wouldn't have been the price. The higher
price would have been the price." I
said, "Look at Facebook. when it went
public, it just tanked because you had
20 years of folks waiting, hoping for
the day they could finally cash out and
they did. Oh, anyone who wasn't under
lockup took a chunk that day and uh it
took a long time to get back to the IPO
price. So, if you'd have bought at IPO,
you'd have been stuck holding a while to
get just just to break even.
&gt;&gt; Break even. Yeah. And this is the maybe
I in about a dozen ways the most unique
IPO in history. Number one, it is
obviously the biggest company to ever
IPO in terms of market cap. Um it will
be the biggest company in terms of the
raise at 75 billion minimum. People are
now talking about it might be a hundred
billion. Uh might be more. Who knows? We
don't know what that final number is
going to be. That'll be set by the
bankers. Then you have the unusual fact
that the NASDAQ will uh allow it to list
almost immediately and the S&amp;P will
allow it to list within six months,
which is crazy. Nothing like that's ever
been done before. And that's resulted
the fact that those two things happening
because that'll put tremendous pressure
on the shares because there's a very
limited number amount of float number of
dollars worth of shares available. And
so all the S&amp;P uh uh companies that are
indexed to the SM the the um the various
funds that are indexed to the NASDAQ or
indexed to the S&amp;P will have to buy
shares in order to in order to get to
where they need to be on the on their
promise to be indexed. Um, and so this
has resulted in the weirdest and
craziest lockup period that you're ever
going to see with some people coming off
of lockup the very first day. Uh,
because there's only 4% float unless
they do. Um, and then people coming uh
up for out of lockup maybe even that
same day or the next day if the stock
rises enough then people coming out of
out of lockup on the earnings call. I
just and there so they have this phased
uh situation with people coming out of
their lockup period. Uh and that's
nothing like this even close to like
this has ever been seen before.
&gt;&gt; All crazy, all bonkers. Uh Elon had said
that uh we could that Tesla shareholders
should get rewarded. Is that going to
happen?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Um probably not the way we hoped.
Um but basically I've been reading up on
some of them in particular on uh Erade
which is my which is my uh broker. Um
there is no you don't some of the
companies are requiring a minimum amount
of money in their bank or in their
company. Um some like a 100,000 500,000
I've seen Erade for instance does not
Robin Hood does not have a minimum. You
can have $12 I guess if Yeah because in
Robin Hood you have a partial share
right? So you get a $12. Um, so then
based on what your holdings are, you
make an application. I said earlier, I
think on my show with you, that it's not
clear you might be able to buy Tesla on
Tuesday and still qualify because there
doesn't seem to be any like date that
you've had to own Tesla before you would
qualify. That not sure that, but that's
what it seems. So then you can apply for
X number of shares, and you apply for
those at a maximum price you're willing
to pay.
And then you obviously have to put the
money in to cover that. So wherever you
get that money from, you have to have
that sitting in cash. Now maybe it
doesn't have to be in cash that day, but
may maybe there's a date by which it has
to be in in cash. And then as I
mentioned earlier, I think within the 24
hours before the actual IPO, maybe it's
12 hours. I'm not I don't want to I I
don't want to die on that hill, but
sometime before the IPO, the official
final IPO comes out and you can adjust
your uh portfolio with regard to that
final IPO.
&gt;&gt; What is the IPO date?
&gt;&gt; The 12th, unless that changes and it
can.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, uh
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
I mean there's a now that you mentioned
it there are 12 12ths in a year.
&gt;&gt; So that's true. Uh so uh should people
buy it? Uh and and I mean really that's
an impossible question. So let me ask
you this. Who shouldn't buy it?
&gt;&gt; People that don't have much of a risk
appetite
&gt;&gt; because as you just pointed out I mean
we don't know. This thing could
absolutely flatline and go down 20% on
the first day. it could go up 50% on the
first day and then go down 70% on the
third day. Um, so it's going to be I
think it'll be very volatile in the very
beginning. And even though these banks
have attempted the the banks that are
managing it have attempted through this
phased lock up lockout period uh
expiring um to try to make it less
volatile.
It's just there's going to be not enough
sharers and there's going to be too many
players and there's going to be a whole
huge amount of players that are going to
be in it for the short term to see if
they can't, you know, hit hit a home run
uh play playing the the odds of it going
up or down or whatever. So, it's going
to be not for the faint of heart uh in
the beginning. Personally,
our plan is to spend a very very small
percentage of our portfolio um on
SpaceX, but it will be not not not
unmeanful
&gt;&gt; and then uh but we're not going to like,
you know, sell the house.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Do you think SpaceX has the
potential to 10x within 10 years?
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Oh, easy. Oh, easy. So from
three trillion to 30 trillion from maybe
&gt;&gt; 10 trillion
&gt;&gt; on the uh on the moonshots podcast
they're all believing it's going to 100
trillion
&gt;&gt; market cap and Elon says it's going to
be the the TAM is 27 trillion in terms
of annual revenue. That doesn't mean
they'll get all of that but let's say
they get 20% of that. They could be
looking at six trillion in annual
revenue. Well, what kind of a PE do you
put on that? I don't know.
&gt;&gt; I did have a chance to talk with some
former engineers from SpaceX. I asked
them, "Is a billion subscribers on
Starlink possible?" Even like mathematic
and they said, "Absolutely. Yeah, why
not?
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. If you're covering, if
you're talking about the whole planet,
yeah, why not?" I'm like, "Because
that's a lot of data." It's like, "Yes,
but it's all very localized,
&gt;&gt; right?"
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh, is it true that it's easier
for a stock to go to the moon when it's
a company that can go to the moon?
&gt;&gt; Oh, yes, Brian. Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Good, good, good. Well, here's a
risk that you should worry about,
everybody. This is the closing uh
section here, so I'll just mention now
that you should probably subscribe. It's
something you should do because I've got
this big story coming up and I don't
want you to miss it. Usually, when you
subscribe, it feels like this. Sometimes
it feels like this. But in either case,
um because Europe has revealed a rocket
that could outperform SpaceX Starship
efficiency.
Hey, listen. science is science, you
know, and and uh you know, if they come
up with a plasma rocket or a there's a
bunch of different technologies that
have been talked about with regard to uh
rocketry and there's no there's but you
know what I've also watched I don't know
a thousand videos over the last five
years of companies that have the next
generation battery and the next
generation
&gt;&gt; FSD
factory or whatever it may be. Well,
&gt;&gt; and all in the lab.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh, so you're suggesting that if this is
just a plan, it might not be legit.
Well, it is just a plan. Uh Daily Galaxy
is not known for being the most uh
ethical in terms of their headlines. In
a bold move that could reshape it, they
could lift 70 tons. And of course, here
we are. Second picture, still showing
SpaceX. Third one, still showing SpaceX.
Here's the plan.
&gt;&gt; Ah. Ah okay. So um that's a drawing my
friend. Uh that is an artist's
impression. Uh because there is no
product. There's an idea. There's uh
it's not yet remotely real. It has no
real design. It has no funding. It has
no timeline. So could uh let me ask you
Randy. uh could I mean is that doing
more heavy lifting than that imaginary
rocket ever will?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think um I personally as I've
reviewed all the different ideas that
people have with regard to rocketry and
again I am not an expert don't claim to
be. I just look at the the stories I
think the most likely thing is a hybrid
uh which has a launch system up to
whatever level it needs to get before
the nuclear turns on. So, I think that
we will eventually have some kind of a
nuclear power plant on SpaceX ships. M
&gt;&gt; um and I don't know exactly how the
hybrid part would work because I don't
think you can launch uh on the nuclear
power alone but maybe
&gt;&gt; I think uh I'm of the opinion that
nuclear propulsion is unlikely to happen
within
any kind of proximity to Earth just
because uh of the problems it would
cause atmospherically to satellites and
to the things that live here. But, you
know, I certainly haven't done the
research to know. Uh, if you guys in the
comments have done the research to know,
let us know. Uh, what did we miss? What
do we misunderstand? Leave it. I beg of
you. Head over to Ry's channel. Find out
what he's up to on this his Hawaiian
getaway. Remind him if you will not to
take any three-hour cruises. Those can
be those can be prolonged. And I'm
afraid he'd be more Gilligan than
Professor. Uh, guys, uh, stay tuned.
Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to hear
from you clever robots on the flippity
flop.