Channel:     electrified
Title:       Did Tesla Really Just Leak Optimus V3 & Production Plans?! ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVfOkUAtc-w
Published:   2026-09-24 00:21 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-24 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. And from yesterday, RFP is
request for proposal, not purchase. And
I like when you guys keep me honest, so
thank you. So, did Tesla actually leak
Optimus V3? Well, here's what we have.
On the right would be this new V3
potentially, and on the left would be,
we'll call it Gen 2.5. Now, this image
or render actually came from Tesla's
APK, which is the Android production
kit, which is basically the side loading
installation instructions for Tesla's
Android app. And just to confirm, I put
my Grockbot on the task and had it
verify this APK. It pulled these Tesla
Android builds, unzipped the files,
searched for Gen 3 keywords, ensured the
app did actually reference them, and
then compared to the 2.5 render. And it
actually gave me an 11-minute screen
recording of the entire process. And the
verdict, the names and assets are
confirmed. And the names for these PGs,
Robot Close-up Gen 3, Robot Home full
body Gen 3, and Robot Home Inactive Gen
3. And yes, these names will matter here
shortly, but you can see the file name
starts with assets and mock. So, let me
be clear. Whether this mockup or
rendering of the Gen 3 Optimus is going
to give us some production level intent
or not is not clear. But what is clear
is Tesla's likely intent behind
developing these assets in the app. But
before we get there, just to point out
some of the visual changes. You can see
the neck on Gen 3 is a little bit
thicker and more substantial. The torso
appears to be a bit more streamlined,
perhaps to save weight and size. The
forearms appear to be thicker, which
would be in line with what we expect to
be Tesla's plan, moving some of the
actuators from the hand to the forearm.
And then clearly the biggest change
would be in the torso area where a lot
of Gen 2.5 was exposed with plenty of
pinch points. So, of course, for a home
setting with children, pets, anything
else that would not be ideal. So, moving
to this V3, having all of that covered
up and being more seamless, of course,
would make sense. And then it would be a
similar story down around the knees and
for the calf, where with V3, they've
completely covered up any of the motors
and actuators. But, of course, most of
the important things from a
manufacturing standpoint are totally
hidden with this render. But again, I
think it's the intent here that's the
real story. And then actually some of
the supply chain rumors we're hearing as
well. And that intent from Tesla would
be an app to monitor and eventually
control these Optimus robots. And it is
worth pointing out that there have been
code strings in the past that stay
dormant and never actually make it to
production. But because of all of the
parallels between Tesla's FSD and how
they developed that over the past decade
and everything Elon and the engineers
have said, there's going to be plenty of
carryover here, which is part of why I
believe at some point when Optimus is
ready, Tesla will be getting these in
the homes of customers to continually
gather data. And yes, of course, they're
going to do plenty of that in the
Optimus Academy first because even if
Tesla was only looking to gather data,
they need to make sure they can do so
safely in customer homes. And don't
forget, back in July, Tesla app iOS
reported some findings about a robot
phone key login, a home data consent
screen, and robot alerts, all in the iOS
app code. Then in September, there was
reporting about Optimus charger
references, which of course would be a
dock of sorts where the Optimus can go
to and plug in and charge itself. So, it
becomes obvious why would Tesla have a
home data collection consent screen if
they don't plan to gather data from our
homes? And that Bluetooth robot key
would likely work a lot like our Tesla
phone keys do for the cars. with the
vehicles. We can only control and unlock
our vehicles with our phone apps. And it
should be a similar situation with
Optimus. So, look, I still think Tesla
and Elon's internal targets would be
consumer shipment sometime late 2027.
And sure, there's absolutely a world
where that gets delayed, but they could
always run a pilot program of sorts,
whether it's for employees or Elon's
friends or insiders that get these
optimize early, sign an NDA, and then
use them to gather data. And in doing
so, obviously, Tesla would need the
consumerf facing app all set up and
established. And shifting to the supply
chain news, there was a report from
Chinese outlet Giann News, citing
channel checks with Tesla's core
manufacturing network, saying Tesla
placed a bulk purchase orders for about
5,000 units worth of components in early
September. But again, let me be clear at
this point. I do not think the numbers
are what matter. I think it's one the
fact that Tesla will be sourcing these
components from China which brings Aarif
and export control questions and two
it's really just the act of verifying
the supply chain but the components in
question would be things like actuator
assemblies planetary roller screws and
machine vision and the expectation is
this moment in time is shifting the
Optimus initiative from low volume
laboratory prototyping into a structured
production level supply chain ramp and
that same source said Fremont started
debugging in early July, finishing the
preliminary trial phases by mid- August.
Yield improvements were achieved during
the summer that reportedly served as the
main operational prerequisite for
clearing thousands of commercial grade
parts. And here's why I'm saying don't
put any stock in these supply chain
numbers. But for what it's worth, the
chatter is Tesla's maintaining an
internal baseline delivery target of 10
to 20,000 robots for internal deployment
this year. And if the current batch of
5,000 component sets clear assembly
without major retooling, analysts are
saying the production ramp could go past
weekly run rates of 2500 units toward
the end of the year. But I'd like to be
clear going on record saying if Tesla
makes even 1,000 Gen 3 Optimi this year,
I personally would be impressed and
consider that a win. But that's part of
why this is so interesting because there
is such a wide gap between the
expectations. If you think it's bad for
robo taxis where we have some people
calling for 10,000 plus this year, well,
the gap is even wider when it comes to
Optimus, which means this is absolutely
something that could ultimately swing
the markets. And the reports say
securing multi,000 unit batches suggests
design freezes on key subasssemblies
might finally be settling, allowing tier
1 suppliers to dedicate dedicated
tooling lines to the platform. And this
is why tracking the progress of the
frontier of Grock models is important
because that will serve as the brain for
Optimus. And on that point, we have
Elon, Daario, and Sam all at the same
time calling to slow down the pace of
developing the capabilities of these AI
models. So yeah, this is how we know
it's getting pretty serious out there.
And to keep everybody up to date,
Checkpoint Research just released this
new deep dive on malware called J Seal
that gets pushed through these malicious
ads for fake trading and crypto apps,
including lookalike Trading View
installers, which is a platform you guys
know I use. And the short of it, once
this malware lands, it can break into
your Google account without your
password, which yes, is a part of the
reason I'm still recommending Surf
SharkVPN, the sponsor of this video.
Surf Shark has two layers for problems
just like this. You can have access to
Surf Shark's anti virus, which sits on
your devices with real-time protection
against malware trying to be installed
from a shady download. And secondarily,
they have their web content blocker that
lets you lock down entire categories of
risky sites on all devices that your
family uses. So ultimately, these scam
download paths that continue to look
more and more real are simply much
harder to find on your devices. Surf
Shark is still enabling unlimited
devices to be covered with one account.
So it's on all of our family's laptops,
iPads, phones, computers for everyone.
And as many of you know, Surf Shark goes
well beyond just these features with
helping you to get better deals on
flights and hotels. And the recently
added Gmail scam checker tool that's
really been invaluable for me. So, if
you'd like to support the work I do
here, you can start your 7-day free
trial and unlock four extra months of
Surf SharkVPN. You can head to surf
shark.com/electrified
or use code electrified at checkout. And
there was another report just this week
from the CNEV Post that Tesla's humanoid
robot team is still auditing supply
chain companies in China. Three
companies named the Tuoku Group, Senua
Intelligent Controls, and Joyce
Electronics. These companies mainly
supply Tesla with core electromechanical
components like joint modules,
actuators, and precision structural
parts. The audits will evaluate the
quality and compliance of the relevant
production lines and production will
begin soon after they pass. And yes,
this auditing is happening in different
Chinese provinces. And they did say most
of these companies are existing
suppliers to Tesla's auto business. And
as we know the initial tasks for Optimus
will be material handling and simple
assembly line assistance in factories.
So two things. If you see somebody
saying this is the first round of
audits, that's not true because Tesla's
been doing this dating back almost a
year. That first round of audits last
year was based on automotive grade
standards, requiring fast cycle times
and high yields, breaking down the
perunit cost and requiring suppliers to
have overseas manufacturing capabilities
and tier 2 supplier management
capabilities, which is exactly why I
mentioned the tariff and export control
situation earlier. Some of these Chinese
suppliers do have overseas manufacturing
sites in Mexico, which we know is part
of the USMCA, which would be a big deal
for getting any of these components
around those tariff and export controls.
And yes, I think long-term Tesla's plan
is the same as always, to vertically
integrate as many of these components as
possible. But if Tesla were to wait to
have every single component made
in-house, they wouldn't start
manufacturing these until 2028 or 2029.
And at this point, it should go without
saying, but another reason Tesla is
starting this way is because these
components coming from China enjoy cost
and technological advantages over their
domestic and overseas rivals. Also, very
important, don't forget, yes, Tesla is
designing the actuators. It is just
outsourcing the manufacturing of those
actuators just like it does with the FSD
computer. Tesla designs it exactly to
spec exactly how it needs it and then a
component manufacturer builds it. So at
this point it's not fully clear how many
other components Tesla is also
designing. But my speculation would be
most because Elon's made it clear
numerous times that none of these parts
just exist off the shelf. So, it's
likely the case that nearly all of these
components are designed by Tesla. It's
just early days some will be
manufactured elsewhere. And from a data
collection standpoint, there have also
been reports that Tesla's employees who
were gathering this data were largely
using those motion capture suits to
teleoperate the robot. But since Tesla
has told its employees it's moving away
from motion capture suits and toward
collecting data using only cameras. And
these worker-mounted cameras point in
all directions, helping precisely place
the data collectors in the environment.
And Tesla believes it'll be faster to
scale data collection without the motion
capture suits. Tesla has also
incorporated multiple new training
processes, including stationing cameras
around the workers while they perform
the tasks. And these camera towers could
supplement the data by providing a
broader view of the environment. Workers
are sometimes outfitted with haptic
gloves which track the small movements
of their hands. and Tesla started using
AI generated prompts to help train the
robot. During some training exercises,
workers receive a series of AI generated
prompts via headset, which is attached
to the 30 or 40 lb backpack via wires.
Workers said the exercises have included
squatting, doing the chicken dance,
acting like a gorilla, pretending to
vacuum, sprinting for several yards,
pretending to golf, and twerking. But
the point of all of these seemingly
random tasks could help Tesla understand
which areas it needs to improve on.
Tesla's data collectors have an online
dashboard with grades based on data
quality and quantity. And we just
learned this month that Tesla intends to
use employee movement from employees at
Giga Berlin to train Optimus and
selected teams will wear cameras while
working. The footage will show the
robot's intelligence how humans grasp
tools, move components, and connect
individual work steps. And the giveaway
will be any employees wearing
Ghostbusters style backpacks. So clearly
Tesla has largely been doing this data
gathering inhouse. But we know Tesla's
very advanced when it comes to its
simulation environment and its world
models that have been developed with
FSD. And Ashoke did say it's just the
beginning. Once the AI models for
self-driving and Optimus Unifi, it's
going to be fire. So again, I'm sharing
to confirm. I'm not just speculating
here, but this is clearly the plan from
Tesla. And so, I don't know when this is
going to pay off, but I do know that
it's going to pay off. So, if we get
more confirmation on exactly where these
components will be coming from, we can
dive into the tariff situation a bit
deeper. But for now, if they do
initially come from these Chinese
factories, which I think is likely, it
could be anywhere from 15 to 35%. And
again, that will vary based on the
component. But once the manufacturing
process is validated from the Chinese
plants, it'll then likely be outsourced
either to Mexico or Thailand. Right now,
this Tuoku supplier does have a factory
in Mexico, but for now, it just makes
car parts. But earlier this year, they
announced a new factory to make humanoid
components in Thailand. The Senua
supplier also has factories in Mexico
and Thailand already. And Senua recently
got approval for an actuator component
manufacturing site in Thailand. And yes,
it's the same company that's already
approved to supply auto parts to Tesla
from Thailand. And the best part of all,
the Thai government has already made it
clear the main customer for these plants
in Thailand is the Optimus bot. And yes,
factories in Thailand and or Mexico
would avoid those section 301 tariffs if
they were to apply to these Optimus
components. And sure, there are other
tariffs and export controls that might
still apply even with factories in
Mexico and Thailand, but we'll save that
for a future video. And on the Tesla
careers page, they currently have 336
job listings for Optimus. and one of
them is a senior regulatory compliance
engineer who will be responsible for
supporting the global deployment of the
Optimus humanized robot. And just FYI,
I'm seeing some people say, see, look,
there's the robotics mechanical design
engineer for the hand that Tesla's
hiring for. So, they're trying to argue,
see, the design isn't even locked yet,
so production isn't going to happen this
year. But, let me remind you, Tesla's
iteration and design will really never
end with Optimus. Just like with the
Tesla vehicles, they will always be
looking to improve. So, all of this to
say, it seems like we are on track to
get at least some low-level Optimus
production this year. Tesla's clearly
thinking through the data gathering
phase and how us, you and I, the
consumer, might fit into that equation.
And that V3 mockup from a hardware
perspective does look like it would be
ready for any environment. So hopefully
we get something from Tesla sometime in
Q4 when it comes to a V3 unveil. And
just one quick one to close out today
that will likely go overlooked. The robo
taxi account said the first cyber cab
made using our in-house cathode material
from the first cathode plant in the
Americas. And don't forget just a few
months ago in a Tesla shareholder
letter, they said the battery pack
capacity was the main limiting factor on
near-term vehicle volume. So, no, I'm
not arguing the cathode factory being
live is the solution to that, but it's
something to note. But, as we know, the
cathode is the most expensive material
in a lithium battery. And as we've said
dozens of times over the past few years,
it is the part of the supply chain that
China dominates the most. And speaking
of supply chains, this move obviously
shortens Tesla's for its 4680 program.
And it's just one of hundreds of things
Tesla has done over the years, which is
why Tesla can have the most efficient
vehicle ever made. Tesla stock closed
today at $380.12,
up 32%. And SpaceX closed at $148.36,
down 4.11%
all while the NDX was down. 85%. Don't
forget, check out Surf Shark linked
below for any of you that haven't yet.
And as always, a huge [music] thank you.
Hope you all have a wonderful day and a
huge thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.
[snorts]