Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Germany is at the BRINK of Revolution
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8MPPMVRZXsc
Published:   2026-05-07 17:46 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-07 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It is this time of the year again. We
need an update on German politics
because what is happening in Germany is
nothing short of something that happens
before a big revolution. So let me give
you a quick update and it all starts
with a very simple poll. Here is the
latest poll, the zontag for German
politics. This is based on a very
reputable uh insamong trend, a very
reputable polling uh organizer. And here
is how it looks like. The AFD, the AFD,
the alternative for Deutseland, the big
no no party in Germany, the far right as
they call it, is now the biggest
political party in all of Germany. And
it's not even close. and the so-called
conservatives, the CDU, CSU, they are
calling themselves the Christian
Democrats and they used to be the
conservatives of Germany, kind of the
Republicans.
They are now at 24%. And if you know
anything about German polling and
history, politics post World War II,
that is a horrible, horrible number and
it's 4 percentage points behind the AFD.
Now the SPD the other traditionally huge
party these are the social democrats the
leftists these are the democrats I will
comment on this in a second how the left
looks like in Germany if you don't count
the city left uh they are absolutely
destroyed 14% is something no one would
have dreamt of 20 years ago the SPD and
the CDU used to be the two big parties
the Democrats this SPD is the Democrat
equivalent and the union the CDU is the
equivalent of the Republicans. Now the
Germans also had the FTP the free
democrats which are kind of
libertarians. They are now nothing
anymore. It's very unclear what they are
but they used to be the libertarians the
free market people and they used to be
the decisive little party that decided
whether the SPD or the CDU rules Germany
in coalition with the FDP. That is how
it was all the way to the '90s. That is
how German politics worked. Then the
Guina were introduced in the 80s. These
are the these are the eco eco people.
And then the linker, these are the
communists. I'm not even kidding you.
These are actual communists. So they
they are very clear what they want. Uh
they want the GDR back. They are
actually the successor party of the SED
of the big you know dictatorship party
of the East German Communist
dictatorship. So they are literally the
same people but at least they are
telling us the truth and we will get
into that in a second. Then you have the
BSV uh which is a special East German
party. Also interesting to observe that
is the situation and this is not a new
random poll. This is actually evolved
over the last few months where the AfD
was at 26% then 27% now 28% so they're
rising CDU is falling and right now you
have a government created or made up of
the CDU and the SPD a grand coalition as
they call it not so grand anymore so we
have to understand what is actually
happening how did we get here and what
does it mean for Germany so first of all
we need to understand that the reason
for this complete disaster because don't
get me wrong like this is a disaster is
that Mertz Chancellor Mertz former Black
Rockck employee he is now the least the
least popular chancellor in the history
of Germany and Germany had some real
bangers as chancellor as you probably
know maybe you know that from 1933 to
1945 they had a specific guy who also
used to be chancellor he was he had much
better numbers than Merz and everyone
else even the worst of the worst. Even
Merkel had better numbers than that. So,
an unbelievable an unbelievable 13%
13% of Germans are happy or satisfied
with Chancellor Mertz. Now, if you know
anything about polling, look at Trump's
approval rating. This is an approval
rating. Okay? If you think Trump has a
problem, Trump is in the 30s, I think,
because of Iran and everything. If you
think Trump has a problem, look at this.
13%.
That's completely unbelievable. And 85%
of all Germans they ask here and that is
by for uh trend barometer. So this is a
also a very very serious good polling uh
shop. So 85% say we are not happy with
mers. That's unbelievable. These numbers
are an absolute massive problem. And let
let me tell you just a few aspects just
a handful or less than a handful of main
reasons what the problem right now now
is in Germany to understand what the
greater context is and where we go from
here. Okay. Number one topic of course
is the replacement of Germans through
mass illegal immigration but also maybe
more importantly through mass legal
immigration. Maybe they're equally
important. uh no one knows the exact
numbers because it's illegal one part of
it. So here's in a nutshell what's going
on in Germany. Not very hard to
understand. It's much more extreme than
in the United States. All of Europe
suffers from much much more criminal
migration than the United States. In the
United States, the illegals are mostly,
you know, southern Central Americans,
Mexicans, a lot of them come to the
United States to actually work. They are
making it over the border. And I'm not
apologizing for anything. I think it's
very bad. You shouldn't be illegal. But
people come to United States and they
tend to know they have to work. Some of
them are gang members and criminals, but
that's a tiny little fraction of the
illegals coming to the United States. It
is also a super tiny fraction of the
legals coming to the United States. In
Germany, it's very different. And we
have to understand the difference
between legal and illegal is not so much
just the behavior of the migrants. It is
also the behavior of the politicians and
the administration in charge because the
mad job that the German government did
especially the CDU the Republicans of
Germany was that they legalized all the
illegals. That is the great crime of
Merkel that she started this on mass. So
basically, when you had massive amounts
of completely undocumented Syrians
coming over the border for no good
reason, by the way, because look at a
map where Syria is. Look at a map where
Germany is. How do they even get to
Germany? That makes no sense. No sense.
Right? So they legalized them all. So
they're not necessarily illegal. But
here you see the problem. Well, one of
the problems, but that's the most
apparent problem. Violent crime
suspects. We are not talking about not
paying your taxes. That's probably only
Germans. This is violent crimes per
100,000 residents. Surans 1,740. So, let
that sink in. Percent are violent
criminals. That's a very high
percentage. And that's only the ones
that are being caught, right? So, that's
a very high percentage. You cannot have
a country like this. Afghanistan, same
1.7%. In comparison to that,
163. So you're talking about a crime
rate that is 10x and more 11x
1,100%
in average over the German crime rate.
And we also have to understand that when
you look at the German statistics, of
course, Germany made so many people
citizens that we know, I don't have this
latest statistic in here, but these 163
Germans, so-called Germans that
committed these crimes, roughly half of
them are also migrants just with a
German passport. So the real German
crime rate is far far lower than 163
because it's a normal country. So that
at some point becomes a problem because
a lot of people are victims and I when I
say a lot of people I mean a lot of
people especially young people in
Germany are victims of violent crime or
threats of violent crime. Ask high
school students in big cities or even in
smaller cities now and all over the
place. It's a total disaster. Young
people don't feel safe anymore. they are
exposed to that crime much more because
the percentage of young people in
Germany with migration background is
much higher that leads directly to a
complete clash and violence. So that is
of course the big elephant in the room.
Number one, why Mertz is so so unliked.
Number two, energy. You might have heard
about it. This is a funny little it's
not a joke, unfortunately. That's like
how it goes. So there's the green
ideology in Germany was basically stop
all coal plants, stop the oil plants,
blow up literally explode like blow up
blow up the nuclear plants and stop the
Russian gas, allow the Americans and the
Ukrainians to blow up our pipeline to
Russia. So now if you stop Russian gas,
you stop German nuclear energy, you stop
German coal, and you don't have oil, at
some point you have a little bit of a
problem. And that means now Germany has
to relocate
very large plants like BSF and many
others to China because China has great
cheap coal and gas and all kinds of
stuff compared to Germany, which is very
smart from a climate strategy
perspective. So instead of having clean
German gas and whatever power plants,
you send it to dirty Chinese power
plants because it's good for the planet.
Then you don't want nuclear energy, you
blow up your nuclear power plants. So
you can import the nuclear energy from
France. So when you really think about
it, maybe not the smartest. And the
effect of that is Germany has one of the
highest energy prices now in the
European Union or in the world which is
an absolute absolute death nail for an
industrial country like Germany. So now
the economy goes down the drain and
these things have been in the making by
Merkel mostly for a long time.
Dismantling a country's energy
infrastructure cannot be quickly
reversed. It can be reversed but of
course no one even tries to. So Merkel
basically decided blow it all up,
destroy it. And that has happened now.
And now the repercussions of course
become obvious to more and more Germans.
And they're saying we don't like that.
We like to have electricity. We also
like to have industry and build stuff.
The next big topic of course is war. So
if you're in so much trouble, what is
the default option? Of course Mertz and
the ruling parties and the European
Union says why don't we just go to war?
That would solve many problems. It
creates a boom. The preparation for the
war. We can manufacture all these
weapons now. High energy prices. Oh,
forget it. We just focus the energy on
weapons manufacturing. We have to attack
the Russians at some point or defend us.
Maybe with a proactive strike. That's
how the best defense is offense. We know
that. So, Germany now plans to create
the largest army in Europe by 2039. That
is partially to distract from the
problems and it's partially in my
opinion also a black rockck play. It
creates a lot of money. You know it's
very good if you own these stocks and
Mertz is very adherent to his former
boss or current boss. No one knows
exactly Larry Frink. So Mertz Chancellor
Mertz was actually in the board on the
board. I think he was chairman of the
board of Black Rockck Germany. So he has
very good relationships with Larry Frink
and LarryFink loves this stuff for
obvious reasons. So then Germany created
a $100 billion special fund which is a
lot of money by the way. $100 billion in
Germany buys you much more weapons than
100 billion in the United States like 10
to 20 to 30x. We'll get to this in a
second. They're much more effective than
the Americans in manufacturing weapons.
So this is a lot of money uh that was
all created by debt through Mertz. So
Mertz was the guy who pushed that that
was his number one objective once he was
in power. I think a week later he pushed
that through in a very dubious little
trick in the Bundesag and Germany now
has all that money to spend on weapons
and much more money to come. I think 500
billion in total. So great
congratulations. What could possibly go
wrong? And I always make these jokes,
right? the Americans, Silicon Valley and
Trump. Very funny. Silicon Valley move
fast and break things. You dumb little
Europeans. You don't know how to do
innovation. And then the Germans raise
their hand and say, "Wait, what do you
mean? We are also Europeans." And then
Silicon Valley says, "Yes, you have to
learn not be so safety obsessed. You
have to move fast and break things." And
the Germans are like, "hm, move fast and
break things." Move fast and break
things. You mean move fast like
lightning? Yes. Exactly. Like lightning.
And then break a lot of things. Exactly.
And then the Germans like, "Oh, wait a
moment. That sounds like a lot of fun. I
think we can learn to do that again."
And Trump, of course, studied German
history and came to the conclusion that
the central problem of the Germans is
they never want to spend enough money on
weapons. So they told the Germans, "You
guys have to spend way more money for
NATO and your armies." And the Germans
said, "Sure, if you want us to do that,
we happy to do it." And so Ryan Malertz
went to Ryan Metal and told them, "Guys,
it's time for your muscle memory. You
have to build more weapons." And so now,
most people don't even know that Ryan
Metal, the famous, for bad reasons,
famous German weapons manufacturer, has
now surpassed the United States in
artillery shell production already. You
know, no one even noticed. They just
said, "Oh, let's just start to make a
little bit more shells." I think they
were at 70,000 at shells per year
capacity a few years ago and now they
ramped it up a little bit. Now they had
1.1 million rounds annually
and they are in full war preparation. Of
course, if you're a R medal, who can
blame you? You have a stock to manage
and you love this kind of stuff. And
they plan to actually expand this by
20x,
which to me sounds a little crazy. So
they want to get to 20 million shells
per year manufacturing capacity. Just to
give you a feel, all of World War I was
around 60 million shells. So in 3 years,
you can repeat World War I.
Congratulations.
Cuz the Germans analyzed the situation
and came to the conclusion the big
mistake of World War I was that we ran
out of artillery shells. I don't share
that assessment, but if you think that's
the problem, we will solve the problem
this time. So all of that leads to
people saying, "We don't want that.
Wait, you're flooding us with migrants
and you're making Germany completely
unger, unrecognizable, and get me raped
and killed on the street. I don't like
that." Then you pull the plug literally
on my electricity, exploding energy
prices, imploding industry. That's very
bad. Then we all get angry and you say,
"Why don't we go to war with Russia and
create a giant giant weapons
manufacturing plan while everything else
goes down the drain?" You all get fired.
Volkswagen goes down the drain. Tesla is
destroying the German car industry and
the Chinese too. You do nothing to help
the middle stunt. And so then you tell
us to go to war. That's stupid. And of
course then Germans complain. And guess
what happens next? When you complain in
Germany, you go to jail because Germany
has hate speech laws. So if you say
anything against the government, you are
in big trouble. And you see here the
world's worst countries in terms of
online freedom. If you say hate speech
things, meaning if you disscent with the
government, of course we know the
world's worst country is the United
Kingdom. Not a secret anymore. They are
going completely unhinged. Then you have
Bellarus, which is kind of a
dictatorship, you know, a Putin obedient
kind of dictatorship. Putin not that
bad, 400. But number three in the world,
not as bad as the UK, but number three
in the world is Germany with 3,500
people arrested for thought crimes.
So that is very bad and it's growing. So
you have these problems and you arrest
your people. And the funny thing is, the
funny thing is very German thing. Then
people see this here on X and of course
say this is fake news. Where are these
numbers even coming from? Right? And
then I did this for you. The fact check,
there's actually a fact check on this
thing, right? Fact check on this thing
where I So this is the government. This
is the government public broadcasting
service which is very big and very
powerful in Germany. Uh they said, "Oh,
questionable graphic about arrests are
circulating. That's horrible. So let's
go to the bottom of that and show people
how good Germany is. we would never
arrest people. This is completely wrong,
right? This is not completely wrong.
It's highly questionable. So, this guy
here, the little government uh guy looks
into this and says this is actually not
true. Uh you know that UK is 12,000. Who
knows about UK? Then Barus and then
Germany with 3,500 arrests. uh and many
authoritatively led countries in this
graphic are actually behind Germany in
this graphic. That can't be true. So, we
dug deeper. We the government people of
your government media telling the truth.
Of course, we asked the FBI equivalent,
the Baker in Germany, what's happening?
And the Baker says, "Whoa, this is
actually not true. This is not true. And
here's why it's not true. In 2023, in
2023, we only we only opened
investigations
in 8,01
cases for propaganda
crimes. They have a word for this. Let
that sink in. Germany has propaganda
crimes. Ooh, that sounds great. So, the
FBI of Germany says, "We only opened
8,000 investigations against citizens
for propaganda." So, you can't make
propaganda. What is propaganda?
Propaganda means you say something they
don't like literally.
And of course they will but this is like
Nazis and stuff but what does that even
mean? I will tell you some stories in a
second what that means. So and in total
uh is now open investigations are
currently 5,161
citizens are being investigated
criminally for propaganda delict like
propaganda crimes.
uh arrests are not part of the
statistic. So, this is not true because
we only investigate 5,161
citizens for propaganda right now to put
them in jail potentially. And we can't
tell you how many we arrested because
unfortunately we we are not counting
that. We don't know. Could be 5,000,
could be 2,000. No, no one knows.
Therefore, this here is fake news.
That's German logic, right? They say,
well, it's fake news. It is totally fake
news that we are investigating. It's
totally fake news that we arrested 3,500
people because we only investigate
criminally 5,100 for thought crimes, but
we can't tell you how many we arrested
because nobody knows. So that's
happening and that makes people unhappy.
That is why people don't like MRS. And
so what is happening now is very very
interesting. The situation in Germany
when you think about the polls I just
showed is and I know many Germans of
course and I know many CDU voters
because CDU voters are the
conservatives. These are the normal
bread and butter Germans. They are the
farmers. They are workers. They are the
middle class. They are the people who
want to be orderly Germans. They say I
want law and order. I want closed
borders, controlled borders. I want
people to be nice. I want people to pay
taxes. That's the people who vote the
CDU because it's just the Conservative
party. These are the normal central
bread and butter, the spine of Germany.
But unfortunately, the CDU keeps
betraying them in the worst possible
way, in the absolute worst possible way.
And the AFD is basically an alternative
CDU. They are basically saying the exact
same things on in pro programmatically.
The CDU and the FD are very similar.
It's basically the same thing with the
exception
uh with anything related to Russia and
the EU. There are some interesting
interesting pivots by the way by Mertz,
not part of this video, but he's he does
he's preparing some major pivots when it
comes to Russia, but most people don't
see that yet. Let me know in the
comments if you want to know more about
that. But I think Mertz is preparing a
big pro-Russian pivot, but that's a
different story. For now, the Russians
are the bad guys. And for the FD,
they're not the bad guys. The FD says,
"Who cares about the Russians? we care
about Germany and we will do what is
necessary to protect Germans and
Germany. And part of that is for sure
not World War II. Whereas the CDU says
no, we think World War II is a good idea
right now. But outside EU related and
Russia related strategies, the AFD and
CDU are effectively the same thing. The
only problem the CDU has is that no one
trusts them anymore because they lied.
They did the exact opposite of multiple
things on migration, on debt, and
creating more debt for Germany. They
lied about it and did the exact
opposite. So now people are a little m
mad. The strategy in Germany of the
established parties is to say, well the
FD might sound very good and they might
tell you they want exactly to do what we
promised to do only without lying.
That's what they pretend. But in fact
they are Nazis. They are farright
extremist Nazis. That is the narrative
that a lot of Germans still believe
especially CDU voters. They think the
AFD is somehow extreme. Now the problem
is the FD is just not extreme. So there
is a disconnect. So there's no evidence.
There is no evidence that would survive
any kind of investigation. So the
strategy that's being executed against
the AD, right? If you claim someone is
something that they're not, then you
have to lie about it. And the key to
lying in a democracy is that no one can
see what the FD actually has to see to
say. And here's a very interesting graph
that illustrates this. So what you see
here is a beautiful statistic. Germany
has all these statistics. It's kind of
cool. I think in America they also have
some of these statistics. But here you
basically see uh the different parties.
CDU SPD Greens. You remember all these
parties? And here's the FD. And what you
see in the light blue in the light blue
you see their current their current uh
uh h share of the parliament. How many
seats do they occupy in the parliament
because of the last election? This has
completely changed now by the way. Here
you see how much they imploded because
in the last election CD you see got 40%.
Now they are 24. They have been cut in
half but that's a different story. Right
now they have 40%.
And the dark blue
uh the wait where do you see this? The
dark blue
sits in Tunis. No, you see it's the
other way around. Sorry. The dark blue.
The dark blue is the percentage. So they
had 33% in the last election. And the
light blue 33% for the CDU, 20% or 19.1
for the SPD. Uh here 10.2% for the
linker. That is the share in the
Bundesag in the parliament. So the CDU
has 33% of all the seats in the
parliament. The SPD has 19.1%.
That's barely enough to form a coalition
and have the majority. Right? The light
blue
is the actual percentage
in appearances in the government public
media which is the majority media in
Germany funnily enough ironically. So
they still have the largest market share
set the two big TV stations that are
government operated and they still have
a majority in the market. Well, not
majority. They have the largest share.
And here the light blue tells you how
often, how frequent people from that
party appear in public TV shows.
And you would expect these things to
correlate in a democracy, right? A party
that has 33% should appear 33% of the
time also in talk shows. A party that
has, let's say, 10% like the linker
should appear 10%.
and a party that has zero like the FTP
should appear zero maybe well you could
argue maybe give them a little bit of
time and you see the little problem with
this graph okay you see that all the
established parties CDU sp and they get
approximately a little bit more than
their fair share you see a party that is
hated and marginalized a little bit
delinker because they're freaking
communists and say they want to
dismantle and destroy Germany but still
in a democracy I would give them 10%. If
10% of Germans want to dismantle and
destroy Germany, you should be heard
about that 10% of the time because it's
a democracy. But now look at this.
Look at this. Do you spot a little
problem here? The AFD has 24% of all
parliament seats from the last election.
Now they are 28 if there would be
elections today. And they only get 2.8%
of showtime. So this is a blatant and
extreme extreme boycott and sabotage of
the AFD. And of course there's circular
reasoning, right? The public
broadcasting, well they're Nazis. We
can't let them speak. And the AFD says,
but we are not Nazis. We say all the
time, we want to protect Jewish
citizens, for example. We want to be
very nice to everyone. We just want to
kick out all the illegals and we want to
punish crime so the criminals can't keep
killing Germans. That's not Nazi talk.
That's normal talk. Okay. And they
clearly, of course, say Nazis are bad,
obviously. So the FD says, "You're just
lying." And then the public broadcaster
say, "Well, we wish, you know, we wish
we could listen to you, but since you're
Nazis, we can't listen to you and we
can't show your opinions to people." And
the FD then says, "But we are literally
not Nazis. That's why we want to talk to
people so they understand what we
actually want." And then they say,
"Sorry, since you're Nazis, we we can't
let you speak." So, it's circular
reasoning of the worst type. It's also a
complete violation of, of course, what
these things are designed to be because
they're public broadcasting services
that can't be biased. Do you think you
have a bias? And by the way, it's also a
bias against the linker. Look at this.
And because it's not even close to the
bias against the AFD, but this is
completely ridiculous. As a side note,
the linker, the BSV, and the AFD are the
big East German parties, by the way. So
what you're seeing also which explains a
lot of East Germans being pretty angry
about the whole situation. It's not just
a complete blatant insane discrimination
against the largest party in Germany.
Now the AD complete discrimination and
boycott. It's also a boycott of the
linker. It's also a boycott of the BW to
some extent. In short it's a boycott of
East Germany. So these Germans are still
not seen as equivalent by these
established parties, which is very bad.
It's just very bad and outrageous. So
these are all reasons why people are
angry. But now things are changing. And
to the title of my video, Revolution in
the works, something huge happened last
week. Last week, a certain broadcaster
on YouTube, Ben Unscripted, very cool
guy. I call him the Joe Rogan of
Germany. He only has he's close to a
million followers, I think, which is big
for Germany. It's they're new to this
whole podcasting situation. A million
followers is pretty good.
And he invited this person on his
podcast for 4 hours and 36 minutes.
Okay, so you have to understand this was
all in German. And who is this person?
Brenher. He is the guy that the
established parties have picked within
the AFD as the devil. So he's designated
officially the devil. No one can talk to
him. He's a total Nazi, say the other
parties. He has been criminally
convicted of thought crimes because he
said, and I quote in English, I think in
English I'm allowed to say this horrible
sentence. He said, "I'm willing to give
everything for Germany." And then no one
knew that before by the way. But then a
court decided when you say everything
for Germany that you are a thought
criminal that this is something the
Nazis said. And therefore if you say I
want to give everything for Germany as a
politician you are literally worse than
Hitler and you need to be criminal
criminally punished. And that's what
they did to this guy and he's now a
criminal because of that. But the
problem with that is the East Germans
who went through all this propaganda for
40 years and still have muscle memories
like yeah I heard that before. Everyone
is a criminal who's against the
socialist unity party. So now you say
he's a criminal because he says he wants
to fight for me. I'm German. He want
this guy wants to give everything for me
and you make this criminal to say that a
politician wants to give everything for
me. That's a little weird. So that is
happening but Bjonhook is also the
complete front runner for governor for
Tingia. very important state in the
heart of Germany. Martin Luther was
there a lot like lots of very important
people. Good. Tinga is one of the most
beautiful and most important you know
states in Germany and he is front runner
for becoming governor because East
Germans don't care about all these
designations anymore. They have seen it
all. They understand propaganda when
they see it and they're not buying this
whole thing. Oh, we made him a criminal.
So now you have to think he's bad
because probably half of all these
Germans had like criminals in their
families under the communist regime
because everyone was a criminal who had
any thought crimes. So the important
thing here is that Bjonhurka who is a
family father of four who was the
trusted teacher which is a special thing
in Germany where students he's a high
school teacher where students vote for
the teacher in the school they trust the
most to come to with personal problems
or criticism of the school and they
voted for Bernher because he was the
most trusted teacher. That tells you how
bad this guy is. He's horrible. He's
like trusted by students. That's
horrible. And that's democratically
voted. So the students come together and
vote for the one teacher in the school
they trust the most. And that was Bjon
Hooker. So and you can tell when you
listen to him, he's like deeply caring
about people. He says this is a crime
against our people. What's happening is
horrible. I have kids. I want to make
sure that's not happening. And of course
it blows the mind of the establishment.
This sounds like horrible for them. He
sounds like if he gets the call from
Black Rockck to sell out his people like
Mertz that he probably won't do it. And
that's unacceptable. that threatens the
democracy as we know it. So here comes a
banger. This interview within 7 days in
Germany, totally just German speaking,
the whole thing for 4 hours and 36
minutes got 4 million views as we speak.
4 million. That is far more than any of
these government broadcasting service
ever get, which is another it's another
proof. It's another proof for the
established parties how horrible this
guy is because he has now
extremisticized he has turned 4 million
more Germans into far-right extremists
who believe you have to protect your
kids. This is not acceptable. This is
unhinged. Right? So now they're going
all out and saying this has to stop but
it might be too late. It might be too
late. And there's this theory that is
the brink of revolution situation.
I call it the 3020 breakpoint theory.
And this theory is there is some kind of
a break point. Let's go back to the
survey in the beginning, the poll. The
breakpoint theory of this whole thing is
that if the AFD ever gets over 30%.
Right, where's this thing here? If the
AfD gets over 30%. and the the CDU goes
goes under 20 that this is a complete
damaching inflection point because then
the FD is so much bigger than the second
largest party. The CDO is so in shambles
and so many Germans now openly support
the AFD at 30%. That the entire
narrative that the AFD is faright
extremist becomes a problem. it becomes
a problem because it's very hard to
uphold this theory, right? You know the
joke with a driver on the wrong uh part
of the street, Gista Far in German, but
in uh I think in American English you
call them the wrongway driver. If you
listen to the radio and you're on the
I95 or something up to San Francisco and
you get the radio and you're the driver,
you're sitting in your car and says, "Be
cautious. Be cautious. There's a
wrongway driver on the I95." And then
you look out of the window of your car
and say one there are thousands. You get
the joke. So once we hit 30% here all
the people who say these are far right
extremists will slowly maybe start
considering maybe I am the far-left
extremist. Maybe the people who say open
the borders and eliminate the German
people are the extremists and all the
people who say the FD is literally like
Hitler. It's very hard to uphold that
narrative when 30% of the entire
electorate openly support it because at
that point you're saying like I know all
these people. No one likes Nazis. No one
speaks you know evil stuff. If all these
people vote for the FD maybe they're not
Hitler. And then maybe you do the
unthinkable and start watching the
interviews with the AFD people. And then
maybe you realize if the leader of the
AFD is a lesbian who doesn't even live
in Germany because he can't deal with it
anymore and has like a Sri Lankan
girlfriend that they're not Nazis,
right? Because the Nazis would not be
lesbians with Sri Lankan girlfriends and
live in Switzerland. So, you know, this
doesn't hold up at deeper investigation.
And so, now we have the situation that
we are getting very close to this moment
here. This is the emperor's new clothes
where we have an elite in Europe, in the
UK, to some extent in the United States,
but the United States is more
complicated, much more big and
complicated with all kinds of additional
facets. So, it's not really comparable.
But in Europe, when you go to certain
countries from Macron to Stama to of
course Germany and Germany is the worst
in terms of popularity and approval
ratings. customers. It is clearly
happening what we read in the emperor's
new clothes in this amazing fairy tale
where the people are running around that
lead these countries and they are naked.
They're morally naked. They are track
record naked. They have the most
devastating track record of all,
especially the CDU. The others we don't
even have to test. The Greens blowing up
the power plants. Was that a good idea?
Now preparing to attack Russia. Is that
a good idea? They would say, "Oh, Joe,
fake news. We don't want to attack
Russia. We just want to create 20
million artillery shells and put all the
weapons at the border and then decide if
a preemptive strike makes sense. Sure.
So they want to do all these things and
keep keep the migration up and make all
the migrants German citizens so they can
say look the Germans are also becoming
criminal. It's not the migrants. All
these outrageous insane things are not
normal. They are extreme extremist
policies. and pointing at the AFD and
saying they're the extremists will break
down and we will have that moment coming
up very soon. Maybe we already in that
moment where suddenly the entire
population, some little boy at the
parade says, "What are you talking
about? These people are naked. They are
horrible people." I know a lot of young
people in Germany too and they already
got it. They said this is a joke. Is is
that a joke? This whole thing is a joke.
And so that moment is approaching very
quickly. And the theory is once the AFD
hits 30%.
It could be a complete complete complete
rush. It could be a complete wash. It
could be a complete landslide all the
way up to 50%. And I think that theory
is very very possibly true. So it's not
going to be oh it took a year from
getting from 20% to 28%.
It's not going to take 10 years to go
from 30% to 50%. It might be half a
year. It might be rapid. And especially
if other things are happening that I'm
predicting about the timeline ahead that
is more a macro perspective. Let me know
if you want to hear more about that in
the comments. I don't know if you are up
for more political analytics videos like
that or commentary. Hey, on this channel
we do something very important. We
deeply analyze, understand, and predict
capital, AGI, and politics. Not just to
beat the markets and make a lot of
money, even though that's important, but
also to build a new society and make the
future good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing. Like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support.
And let's get back to the video. Uh we
have a lot of critical things coming up.
The Mertz coalition is at the brink of
explosion. So they are probably not
going to make it very long much longer.
The question is will that be 2027 or
2026 this year the implosion which would
lead potentially to a minority
government which then also implodes or
it will get us new elections and at that
moment it's very interesting. There's
also a enormous storm brewing for
Germany economically because the
chickens have partially come home to
roost, but not even remotely close to
what will happen with this energy
disaster, which forces Merz to rethink
Russia, by the way. And we have AGI. We
have the AI storm coming and Germany is
mostly blind to it. I don't know why,
but they're mostly blind to it and they
will get hit harder, much harder than
the United States because the
entrepreneurial flexibility is much
lower in Germany. So if everyone loses
their job in America, it doesn't even
affect unemployment because everyone is
just going to start for the neighbors or
something to work a little here and
there, not not appearing in the
unemployment statistic or starting some
company in Germany. That's just not
going to happen if you kick everyone out
of the job. And that might happen also
next year at scale. Look at anthropic.
Look at all the stuff that's happening.
So you also have very dramatic
situations in Germany with the migration
situation. Germany doesn't have much
time left to turn this around. If
Germany doesn't and some other European
countries too like France, if they don't
turn around the migration, there will be
civil war. There will be bulcanization.
There will be multithnic states. And if
you think I'm too dramatic, look at the
statistics. And once you have a
multithnic society, you will have war.
You will break the country apart, which
who knows if that's a bad thing or not,
but it's definitely not nice when it
happens. So, we are heading into that
direction. there's not much time left,
maybe 10 years to massively turn this
whole thing around. And so the new
elections will be very important. If
they're too early before the really bad
stuff happens, maybe the AFD doesn't get
strong enough and then we get another
three or four years of lost time.
Or maybe we get lucky and the AfD is
strong enough and then we have to get
lucky again that they're not betraying
everyone. That's the next risk. Uh so we
don't know exactly what's happening, but
something big will happen. That is my
prediction. There's some big stuff
happening in Germany. I prefer not to be
there for that. Uh but I will look at it
from the outside and analyze that. So I
hope that was interesting. Let me know
what you think. Uh I want to do a little
bit more of these videos because it is
important for pioneer lands. It is
important to see on the ground what's
happening because Europe is and remains
incredibly important for the Western
world. If Europe gets destroyed, we all
have a problem. If Europe gets strong,
it's going to be very good for the
United States, for Canada, for
Australia, and so on. So, let me know
your thoughts and see you next time.