Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Just Hit A Major Robotaxi Milestone!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBiOpHAmSvc
Published:   2026-04-19 13:31 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-19 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Okay, so four things just happened in
the robo taxi world that I think most
people aren't connecting yet. First,
Nitsa, the US government body tracking
robo taxi safety, just reported Tesla
had zero incidents over a full month.
Zero. We'll do a deep dive on this data
and how Whimo and Zuk said. Second,
there's still a huge question hanging
over millions of Tesla owners about
hardware 3 and unsupervised FSD. Elon
addressed it over a year ago, and we're
going to revisit exactly what he said.
third in a major strategic pivot
according to the Financial Times. Uber
just made a $10 billion bet on robo
taxis. That's Uber, the company that
built its entire business on not owning
cars. Now spending 7.5 billion to buy
robo taxi fleets across 28 cities and
committing 2.5 billion in equity stakes
partnering with BYU, Rivian, and Lucid.
And finally, Arch Invest says that the
robo taxi market is potentially much
larger than people think. They forecast
more people no longer buying cars,
making the US market be around $3.9
trillion annually. We have Larry
Goldberg joining us. He's a serial
entrepreneur, has been an active venture
capital investor for the last decade.
Check out his website at lumisenti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Herbert. Great to be here.
&gt;&gt; So, four stories. Let's go through them.
The first one is uh I think very
important, but we can break out the
nuance of what part of this is
worthwhile and accurate and which parts
is, you know, nice to know. And that and
that is of course I think the most
important data point to be following in
robo taxi and that is safety. Uh we know
that 14.3.1 is now starting to go wide
but uh this is what happened in the last
month. So this is data from February 17
to March 15th. Tesla had zero incidents
and this is Nitsa the autonomous the
body that tracks this data. zero from
March to February to March and if you
remember now it says 15 here and that's
because uh that is total every time ever
since it's actually from inception and
then you can see here that from January
15th to February 17th there was one and
if you remember that was the another
slowmoving rear bumper kind of thing
scenario that happened there and then
that's why and then and then previous to
that from December 15th to January 15th
there was five and this was where we had
headline news saying Tesla is five four
times worse than human drivers. So
that's the latest data. Um and if you
take a look at this from January to
March 15th uh he says new no zero
incidence but actually it's one. Um
what's your thoughts about that number?
&gt;&gt; Well it's hard to imagine that say Whimo
has 80 times more cars on the road uh
than Tesla. They don't. uh that's in
Austin. So, it looks to me like Tesla is
racking up a better safety record than
Whimo.
Not that Whimo safety record is that
grand. Um but definitely uh we're seeing
that Tesla
um is
right up there in terms of safety in its
current self-driving mode. So, it's this
is the worst that self-driving is ever
going to be on the Tesla. So, I think
we're in very good shape.
Listen, those of us who are driving on
the current version know the quality of
the of of the drive. These these numbers
simply prove the point. Now it would be
better to have actual quality
uh of of accident or how bad the
accident some measure of how bad the
accident is and how many cars on the
road and for how many hours and and
compare the but it's very clear from
these numbers that Tesla is doing a lot
better not a little better a lot better
than Whimo hard to tell about zuks I
really don't know the number of vehicles
and how h you know how many hours of the
day they're busy and so on, but
absolutely clear that Tesla is better
than the Whimo right now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm not ready to compare it to
Whimo yet because like you said, there's
too many. I I'll share some data on that
shortly. But what matters is Tesla's own
data is getting better. Five, one,
nothing. And hopefully that's what
continues. Now, people will say, well,
that's because they have, you know, very
little number of cars. They say that
they have 11 uh robo taxis that are
unsupervised. the rest have a safety
monitor and how often do they actually
you know in operations all of that
matter. So this uh guy asked Grock uh
whether or not Grock is is accurate or
not, we don't know, but he says,
"Estimate the robo taxi miles driven by
each of the three companies from
February 17th to March 15th." And Grock
said, "Based on recent fleet and
operation reports, Whimo has 3,000
vehicles, 4 million miles per week. Zuks
had 100 vehicles. Tesla had 300 to 400
total in Austin and Bay Area. So he
estimated Tesla's 1 million miles. way
almost 15 times more driving.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that was my estimate, by the way.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. So, you know,
that's the estimate. Still not sure what
that means exactly, but uh here is how
you could compare it. Thank you to
Tobius. So, the he he com he he also
what he did was he broke down the
difference between ADS and ADAS. So, in
the Bay Area, Tesla's considered an ADAS
system because you still have a person
sitting there in a driver's seat and
that's all that they're actually legally
allowed to do in the Bay Area. Um, and
then ADAS is ADS is actually true robo
taxi automated driving whereas Whimo is
100% ADS everywhere. So if you look at
it from the full month of January, Whimo
had a hundred incidents. Tesla had five
and we talked about that. Now plus the
one which was uh because it came from
the Bay Area and then you had uh sorry
it was one that was in Austin but it was
actually a person in the driver's seat.
It happened when that person was there.
and then full February 73 to zero and
then from now one uh March 1st to the
16th 25 to zero. Um yeah, so I'm not
sure you can still compare them. But
still regardless what matters is it's
improving.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I Yeah, but the numbers are
actually pretty darn good. Um those
Whimo numbers are not for all of Whimo
because you say cities operate by Whimo.
for Whimo in Austin is my understanding.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Is that correct?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think this person kind of tried
to do its best to try to, you know, just
calculate it based on the same cities. I
don't know. Actually, no. I don't know.
Yeah.
Anyways, like I said, I don't think we
can we should spend too much time trying
to break it apart about Whimo versus
Tesla. It's happening. It's getting
better.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's getting not only better, but
it's getting good.
&gt;&gt; It's getting really good. And then
what's your thinking about 14.3.1?
Whether or not we have no idea, but to
what extent will that improve safety
even more?
&gt;&gt; Well, every release we've seen so far
has improved it significantly.
I think the value ad of 14.3
is that the um the car seems to be
significantly smoother and um
significantly
uh more responsive to conditions that
the previous version didn't didn't
respond to. So I think we can only see
safety improve. I mean
right now FSD is the worst it's ever
going to be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
and it's just going to improve from here
and every improvement is significant.
Um, we're at a point now where other
than parking, I think we are we're
there. Parking still needs a little bit
of work even at 14.3. So that's where we
are.
&gt;&gt; And then uh just to be clear, I think
even Whimo and Zuks, they are all fender
benders. We've not heard of anybody that
has, you know, humans that were involved
or, you know, sent to hospitals or
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; airbags. They're all vendors. So, so I
think that automated driving in general
has proven today that is safer than
humans by far.
&gt;&gt; I would I would I would align with that
except that none of those vendors are
doing significant mileage on freeways
yet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. and and freeways are where most of
the accidents happen. I know Tesla's not
doing mileage on freeways or very little
if at all. Uh that's true of Whimo as
well. They're they're purportedly
supposed to go on freeways in in the Bay
Area. I'm I'm not sure whether they're
doing that. I haven't heard I haven't
seen a single way on a freeway or or
video from a freeway. So, time will
tell. Uh but definitely uh the freeway
accidents are not going to be fender
benders which is why every vendor is
being very cautious about
&gt;&gt; cautious about. Yeah, that's a very good
point. Okay, so I just wanted to report
on the latest Nitsa data. That's the one
that we're tracking carefully but like
we just said it's hard to really compare
everything. There's so much moving still
but over as soon as we get bigger
numbers and we'll we'll see how that
works. Okay, the next one is the second
question that we're going to have the um
earnings call on Wednesday and the
number two question and of course it's
going to change as we get closer is
people Tesla owners who have hardware 3
are still very anxious wanting to know
if if they're going to get the ability
to have unsupervised FSD. Some people
are saying forget about it. You're not
going to get it. Okay, you're going to
be screwed and that's all done. Others
say no, that's what Tesla's doing.
They're building on hardware for light,
sorry, version 14.3 or whatever version
it is, light version of it. And part of
the reason they did that was to make it
so that it can be a kind of version of
it can operate. But I wanted to go
through what um what Elon actually said
about this. Just a good reminder level
set. Here's Omar posting this. Thank you
to him. And here's what he said about
what he wants to do. I'll just go ahead
and play the video um of this
transcript. This was in Q3 2024 earnings
call. So that should have been somewhere
in November of 2024, which is over a
year ago now, year and a half ago. But
this is what he said.
&gt;&gt; There there is some chance that that
hardware 3 is does not achieve the
safety level that um allows for
unsupervised FSD. There there's there is
some chance of that. Um and and if if
that turns out to be the case, uh we
will upgrade those who have uh bought
hardware 3 for free.
&gt;&gt; We're going to have to upgrade people's
hardware 3 computer for those that have
bought full self-driving. And that is
the honest answer and that's going to be
painful and difficult, but we'll get it
done.
&gt;&gt; I mean, what we want to do is we want to
get unsupervised done on hardware 4
first. Once it's done, then we'll go
back and look at what we need to do with
the hardware three cars. Yeah, we've not
completely given on up on hardware 3,
but we do want to solve toni first and
then we'll come back with a way to take
care of these customers. These customers
are very important. They were the early
adapters. We will definitely take care
of you guys.
&gt;&gt; Once the V14's release series is fully
done, we are planning on working on a
V14 light version for hardware 3
probably expected in Q2 uh next year.
Okay, that's Q2 of next year, which is
uh somewhere in June. What's your
thinking? Are we on track for this? Are
they going to abandon hardware 3
vehicles?
&gt;&gt; No, I don't think they'll abandon
hardware 3 vehicles. The interesting
thing for me is whether they're working
on a AI5
conversion, AI3 to AI5 conversion rather
than AI3 to AI4. That would make more
sense to me since they're since they've
only just taped out the chip. They're
now going to design the box the the the
actual computer. And so one of the big
problems with the AI4 is it's got
completely different set of connectors.
Completely different set of connectors.
It would be very difficult to make that
adaptation.
However, they haven't designed the AI5
computer yet. So the the connectors and
everything else, they could build in the
adapters
because the adapters are going to have
to have hardware and they might as well
build in the adapters for the hardware
for cars as well. So I'm just thinking
if I if I were the product manager, I
would be approaching AI5 with a
completely different mindset. I'd be
approaching AI5 and thinking, okay, we
now see that every iteration requires
some sort of back engineering from a
software point of view. Let's see what
we can do to think about back
engineering at the hardware perspective
and build that in and we can come up
with a financial solution for that. That
would be my approach to it. Whether
Elon's going to accept my suggestion or
not, I don't know. But it just seems to
me that the the negative on that is
that's an additional six to 12 month
weight for the hardware three guys. The
positive on that is it's a huge huge
uplift. It's a very very significant
uplift. I think it's probably adding,
you know, $10,000 of value to the
vehicle. So
my approach would be live with light for
another year,
do the software engineering to give them
that extra capability for that period of
time and then let's engineer a upgrade
hard um path for all hardware for all
vehicles for the future of FSD.
&gt;&gt; Okay, gotcha. I was trying to follow you
along there. was getting a little
concerned there because AI5 just taped
out, but that would be a year from now
before we're going to start seeing that
rolled out.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Oh, sure. Sure. But think about it.
&gt;&gt; But you're still saying that hardware
light hardware version 14 light is going
to still come out and that will still be
available for some hardware 3 cars.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; for sure. We've heard recently that it's
coming out within a month or two. That
could be mean 3 months in reality. I
think three months is probably a little
short. It may be four or five months,
but it's going to be here. And it's it's
not going to be in June, but it'll be
towards the end of the year. But then
sometime towards the end of next year,
if they have a kit,
&gt;&gt; and can start equipping it even the
following year, that would be a huge
lift for the hardware 3 owners. Huge
lift.
&gt;&gt; Well, can you explain this? But Larry,
Elon just confirmed a few days ago, too.
He said that hardware 4 cars are going
to be able to like AI5 is not meant for
hardware 4 cars is what he kind of said.
Not for the cars. AI5 is for the bots
and for are training super clusters.
&gt;&gt; It's for the cars. I mean I I'm sorry.
The capability of hardware 5 is so
significant
uh improvement. The cars are going to
need it for a lot of reasons that go
beyond FSD. I mean, the cars are going
to become, you know, they're going to
have sentience. They're going to have
some sort of knowledge of the passenger.
They're going to have some sort of
ability to communicate with the P.
There's a lot to come. A lot to come. I
don't think we've seen the beginning of
it.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; So, I strongly believe that hardware 5 I
I don't think they're just going to make
hardware 4 and stick to hardware 4 in
the future. It's not going to happen.
They're going to definitely evolve to
hardware 5. And
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; the autonomy requirements of the truck
of the semi are going to be
significantly more than the autonomy
requirements for the car. I don't see
why they would make hardware five for
the truck and not not hardware five for
the car. So I think that thinking things
through for the hardware 5 technology
and thinking about the connectors um I
think is very important in terms of the
future and certainly as we iterate to
hardware 6.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Okay. This is very good Larry that
is very nuanced answer. So let me just
make sure because I was conf confused
for a while there but I think I
understand what you're saying. Hardware
3 cars will get a version 14 light
version. And you think maybe 3 months, 6
months, something like that will come as
they've promised. Look at that clip that
we just showed. They promised that it's
going to come. But then you think you
take it one step further. You think that
all cars will be upgraded to the AI5
chip when that comes a year from now
because of sentience and it's not needed
for robo taxi. They will be you will be
able to get unsupervised FSD for both
Harbor 3. I'm still not sure yet if
hardware 3 will be able to get there.
But unsupervised FSD can happen for
hardware four cars, but then this they
will still do it because of sentience. I
love it. No, but but can hardware 3 cars
get to unsupervised FSD though because
I've been told that it's not the chip is
one thing, but the cameras is another
thing. But the cameras are cheap to
retrograde, too.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I think an upgrade would require
cameras as well, I'm assuming.
that the cabling in the car, the wiring
in the car will support the higher
bandwidth. Um, I can't imagine that it
won't. That's something that's not
that's not changeable. That that
definitely is not something that you can
retrofit.
Um, but the cameras, I think the cameras
are the least expensive. Although, you
know, all the cameras to be changed, I
mean, we may be looking at several
hundred. And so if it were an upgrade
package of somewhere between $1,000 and
$2,000, it may cost more. It may cost as
much as $4 or $5,000. I don't know. But
if it were a package that less than
$2,000, I think it would be very good.
And there may be some sort of p,
you know, cost sharing. I don't know.
Um, but I'm not convinced that FSD is
not doable on hardware 3. I'm not
convinced. Okay.
&gt;&gt; I think that, you know, we've learned so
they Tesla has learned so much about FSD
in the last year and I think they're
still learning. So given time, I think
there may be that possibility and I
think we probably need a lot of
inference or a lot of training compute
to figure it out. So we'll see. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; yep. With a with a 14.3 rewrite, uh, it
gives me a lot more confidence that, uh,
this will, uh, light version will be,
uh, applicable to hardware 3 cars. Okay.
Um, here's big news. Uber, as you and I
have been talking about Uber for so long
here, and one of the questions I always
ask is, why doesn't Uber just start
buying cars, and that's not their
business model? But guess what? They are
now going to start buying cars. So
they've committed $10 billion to robo
taxis
and uh it's it's a decisive strategic
pivot uh according to Financial Times.
They're switching from this traditional
asset light gig economy model where they
don't own anything towards owning and
operating fleets at scale. So they have
announced or financial times is
reporting that they are going to be
buying fleets cars 7.5 billion and 2.5
billion in equity commitments potential
1.25 billion deal with Rivian for up to
50,000 cars that was reported before
partnerships with manufacturers such as
Lucid uh performance milestones and BYU
as well. So that is the uh the the big
news. What's your thoughts on that? ID
BU is for cars or just the software?
&gt;&gt; I don't know that one. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's the software. I mean,
this is Uber going from Uber light to
Uber Uber heavy
because buying a car, outfitting it with
lidar, buying a car which is already
very expensive, outfitting it with liar
is not a formula for success. It's a
formula for failure because they're
competing against a car that doesn't
have liar and the expenses attached not
just to the liar but the processing
power required to integrate Lidar with
all the other sensors
and the cost of the vehicles buying them
from a third party and not only buying
them from a third party but investing in
that third party to keep that third
party alive because right now Rivian and
Lucid are functionally dead,
&gt;&gt; you know, they're not alive, they're
dead.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um and so just to me it's a losers game.
I mean, just go to Elon and say, "Sell
me a 100,000 or 200,000 cyber cabs,
please."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And be nice, you know? But they don't
want to play nice. So, it's going to be
very, very Look, this is a hard road to
hoe. This is a very very hard road to
ho. They start with vehicles that cost
anything between 10 and $100,000 more
than the cost of the you know Tesla
vehicle and they start without the
ability to scale during you know peak
hours other than human cars and or more
expensive you know Rivians or god forbid
lucids.
So, I don't see this as a formula for
success. And it doesn't seem to have
been thought through that they should go
into robo taxis. There's no doubt at
all. But they should choose their
winners.
&gt;&gt; Well, okay, let me ask you that
question, Larry, because every time Uber
CEO is interviewed, he it always comes
up, why don't you partner with Tesla?
And he's always saying, yeah, we'd love
to, but Tesla won't talk to us. Now,
that's because of a partnership where he
thinks we're going to be the app and
you'll just Teslas will be one of all my
20. No, but why doesn't Tesla Elon I'm
sorry, Uber buy cyber caps? Now, Tesla
has said, "Yeah, we're willing to sell
you
&gt;&gt; cyber caps."
&gt;&gt; There's a really good reason.
&gt;&gt; So, they would be open to it and then
they would buy these cyber cabs. They
would be low cost. They would be the
fleet manager.
&gt;&gt; Perfect.
&gt;&gt; Herbit. Herbit. They can't buy cyber
cabs. There's no cyber cabs on the
website.
&gt;&gt; But Elon said that he will sell it to
somebody by the end of this year, right?
So they will be likely selling it to
fleet managers.
&gt;&gt; Once Cyber Cab goes onto the website,
which I don't know that they will in
this year and maybe not even next year,
but once they go into the website, they
can buy it right there. That's what
That's what Herz did. Yeah. Gotcha. It
won't be like some sort of you don't
think that Tesla will have talked to
them ahead of time. Strategic
partnership save me couple billion or
7.5 billion
all of it. Actually,
&gt;&gt; I I don't understand it. I it it is one
of the great mysteries why Uber haven't
had these conversations and sat down
with him. It is a mystery and it's
really, you know, Darrow needs to be
taken to the to the woodshed. This is
really bad. This is really bad.
Tell me what you really think, Larry.
All right. Uh, Arc Invest new data or I
guess it's not new data, but it's it's
let me let me look at it. So he is
cybercabs of course uh Brett Winton says
that I am here to report that robo taxi
market is potentially much larger than
people commonly understand at equival
equilibrium as people forego vehicle
purchases the US market could be 3.9
trillion annually even if users aren't
willing to pay more than their marginal
cost of transport what is what is the
size of the market as people just make
the trade-off between driving a vehicle
they've already purchased and being
driven around it would be 2.8 8
trillion. For simplicity, this ignores
any vehicle mile increase due to demand
elasticity, increased accessibility, and
share gains against that. So, what is he
saying here, Larry?
&gt;&gt; He's saying that look, people will be
exchanging their cars for robo taxis,
and that's a $3.9
trillion market. And then
there's going to expand the market
because
transport is going to be so much cheaper
than it is now. We're going to be
traveling more, god forbid, than we're
traveling right now.
So there's two there two very
significant lifts to happen. The one is
it's enough. I don't want to own a car
anymore. Robo tax is so cheap, so
available. I'll rather do it. And then
robo tax is so cheap, so available. Now
the trips that I was no longer that I
wasn't prepared to make from an economic
point of view, I'm going to be making
those trips.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; And by the way, I don't have to drive so
I can be gainfully employed on my way
there.
&gt;&gt; So there two levels of huge increase.
The one is, you know, robo tax is going
to supplant most of transport, most of
vehicle car transport today. And the
other is the amount of car transport
we're going to be doing is going to grow
immensely. Think about short commutes by
plane today. When we do these two-hour
hops by plane today, it is a nightmare.
A nightmare. Now, it's a six-hour drive.
So you don't easily change 6 hours for 2
hours except the 2 hours to get you know
into the plane from your home and the 2
hours to get from the plane to your
destination.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Even if the planes on time which it
seldom is and even you just a real
hassle rather hop in the car.
You know you've got a you're sitting in
a lounge seat. You've got all the time
in the world to do whatever you want to
do. You can take as much baggage with
you as you like.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's just going to be so much easier.
So, the n amount of miles we'll travel
will exp by road will expand. So, you've
got kind of the growth of the market
into this very very high 3.9 trillion
plus plus market. And so, you know, we
spoke a little bit about uh Uber getting
into the business. It looks like there's
going to be a lot of business for a lot
of people. It Tesla's not going to be
able to supply this entire market. And
you know, it's very possible that they
could, but other manufacturers have to
get wise and have to get they have to
get into the game properly. And if Uber
thinks it's going to get in the game
with the making a small couple of
billion dollar investment, it's got
another thing coming. They should just
buy one of those bankrupt car companies
and and do it properly. But
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's going to take a lot of money.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they should be buying all the
Tesla Model 3s.
Um, but yeah, they should be buying more
Teslas. Well, I'll explain. Appreciate
that. That, you know, that was well
done. And um, how big of a deal do you
think a robot taxi first designed
vehicle, you know, your own private
lounge versus just any car that picks
you up, is that a big deal? Except for
obviously cost is the number one reason,
right?
&gt;&gt; It is a big deal. I can no longer just
call an Uber black an Uber
&gt;&gt; because the quality of a regular Uber is
so poor now.
&gt;&gt; True.
&gt;&gt; That it's un it's unacceptable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Look, I've I've had Uber blacks that
were unacceptable. so-called Uber, you
know, premiere and they come with what
is a big car, but the springs are dead.
It's the worst drive ride in my life.
This has been, you know, one memorable
situation. I t took the guy one cent.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Terrible experience. In fact, in
general, Uber has become a less than
stellar experience. Except when Uber
supplies the Whimo. The Whimo experience
is dramatically better than the Uber
experience. So Whimo being served by
Uber, being served up by Uber, Uber is a
much better experience than a driver
with Uber.
And the other problem is most of the
drivers can't speak English. You can't
you you can't tell the guy what you want
from the drive because he doesn't
understand what
and and some of them get a lot of you
know I mean some drivers are get very
very shorty. Anyway, bottom line is the
experience you're going to get with a
rover taxi is going to be you know
several orders of magnitude. your own
music,
a car that's kept in pristine shape, I
assume, because it's Tesla, and a car
that rides extremely well and is very
comfortable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; you can't get better.
&gt;&gt; No, no, no doubt. I think it's going to
be it's we're already seeing it even
like you said with Whimo, the data is
showing that people do prefer private
um transport and your own lounge. You
can do whatever you want to do on your
own. and then all these other advantages
you brought up. Okay, thank you. Those
are four stories about Robo Taxi that we
covered. Appreciate you, Larry. Follow
him on his website, lumisanti.com.
Thanks, everybody. I've created a
website that is the most comprehensive
resource for the Tesla investor. Please
check it out. Simply go to my website at
herbalm.com.