Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       EXCLUSIVE: Tesla Might Not Need Uber At All! Here’s Why!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaU5BMziUCw
Published:   2026-04-04 13:31 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-04 13:52 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When the Uber CEO says he'd love to have
Teslas on the platform, stop and ask
yourself, does Tesla need Uber or does
Uber need Tesla? Here's a question that
should make Uber investors very
uncomfortable. What does Uber actually
own? Think about it. They don't own any
self-driving technology. They sold that
off in 2020 after an autonomous vehicle
killed a pedestrian. They don't own the
vast majority of their vehicles. They
don't design any hardware. They don't
manufacture anything. They don't have
their own AI. They don't even have their
own mapping data for autonomy. What Uber
has is an app and a network of human
drivers whose entire job is about to be
automated because Tesla owns the
vehicle. Tesla owns a self-driving AI, 9
billion miles of training data. Tesla
owns a Cyber Camp, a purpose-built robo
taxi entering production this month.
Tesla's building its own ride hailing
network. Tesla has its own payment
infrastructure coming with X Money. And
Tesla's already hiring for robo taxi
operations in 18 cities. Uber's entire
strategy right now is to partner with
everyone. Whimo, Neuro, Lucid, Weide, 20
different companies and hope that they
all choose to route rides through Uber's
app instead of building their own
networks. That's not a strategy. That's
a prayer. Today, we're going to do the
most comprehensive breakdown of Uber's
autonomous vehicle strategy and show you
why it's full of flaws, miscalculations,
and one existential vulnerability that
nobody is talking about enough. Let's
get into it. Today, we've got CERN
Basher joining us. He's a chartered
financial analyst running his own
investment advisory firm called
Brilliant Advice. They provide wealth
management services. Welcome, sir.
&gt;&gt; Hi, Herbert.
&gt;&gt; Well, first of all, thank you for
putting this work together. This was
honestly the most comprehensive analysis
of a business model that I've seen and I
wanted to share it with the audience.
Uh, just a few days ago, uh, Uber CEO
was being interviewed and of course they
continue to bring up Tesla. I'll play
that video, but let's get started with
this image that you provided. It looks
like an as an an orchestra conductor.
What's this about?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is the best way I think that
I can succinctly describe what's going
on here is that Uber eventually will be
like this conductor who won't be needed.
The orchestra will conduct itself.
&gt;&gt; And I think that's what's going to
happen to Uber.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that makes sense. Uh so you put
together actually two articles uh pretty
long articles explaining Uber's Achilles
heel. So part one wasn't enough. You
came back for more and uh by looking at
your main thesis here you it's I'm
assuming this is what you mean. Uber
wins in a world of fragmented human
supply which they have. Uber loses in a
world of consolidated autonomous supply.
Um this is their uh slide that they like
to share because they look like they
want to be the largest facilitator. Is
that their own words? Yeah. We intend to
be the largest facilitator of AV trips,
autonomous vehicle trips in the world by
2029. They've got cities that they're
partnering with uh upcoming cities.
They've got 20 partners. Ardra platform,
self-driving technology, fleet
management. It looks like they'll
partner with anybody that has a pulse.
&gt;&gt; Yes. except there's one key partner
that's not on here that doesn't want to
be their partner and that's Tesla.
&gt;&gt; And so it's forced them now to try to
partner with everybody and anybody else
in an attempt to remain
um you know remain useful. Uh Uber
serves in a very important role right
now. They are aggregating uh you know
demand and they're aggregating supply
from you know all these Uber drivers.
They have their own vehicle. Uber sits
in the middle of all that orchestrating
again this this orchestra. And so in a
world where humans drive vehicles that
is a very important role and it was very
necessary. There is no single Uber
driver that could develop their own app
and have that work. This method that
Uber created this way of of having this
ride share and this massive network. Um
you know they did a great job at that.
The problem that they have now is the
world will be shifting away from them
and we're going going to go away from
this sort of fragmented supply to a very
much so a supply of autonomous vehicles
that's owned by just a few companies and
that changes the economics of this
industry in so many different ways and
unfortunately leaves I think Uber out uh
again they will be they want to be the
conductor of the orchestra that the
orchestra will self-conduct and
&gt;&gt; that's your main thesis but you actually
have I don't know I can't count anymore
n plus different miscalculations on
their strategy. We'll take a look at
that closely because when they explain
their strategy to anybody he's always
interviewed. I'll play that now. He
sounds very confident. They sound pretty
logical. So, I'd like to break it down
with you to truly understand where do
they what are they missing here? Because
there are a group of investors out there
who say autonomous technology just like
any technology is going to be
commoditized. And if it's commoditized,
hey, then we're there's going to be many
players. And if there's many players,
you need an orchestra agent like this.
He came, I think, from Expedia. And he
often brings up that uh example.
Expedia, you know, everybody thought
that uh people go direct to the airlines
and hotels, and that's not the case. You
need an Expedia, he said. So, let's play
what he was just he's always asked about
Tesla every time he's on stage. Uh and
by 2029 uh we think that we will
facilitate more autonomous and robo taxi
rides than anyone else in the world.
&gt;&gt; Do you ever think Elon would come on on
platform or is he just I'm doing it all
on my own? He doesn't play well with
others.
&gt;&gt; You know his I I think Elon's approach
typically has been a vertical approach,
right? They even own their own refinery.
Um, again, when when the day comes, when
the day comes when those Teslas are safe
with a camera only approach, we'd love
to have those Teslas on our platform as
well. We've got uh tens of thousands of
Teslas on our platform now, and some of
our drivers use FSD. Sure.
&gt;&gt; Uh, so we've got a lot of data. It's a
great car. It's a safe car. Uh, we'd
love to work with them as to whether we
will or will not is TBD, but there are
plenty of other partners in the space.
Uh and we think there are going to be
many many winners.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So when he said that there's
already tens of thousands of Teslas on
the network, that's because the Uber
drivers themselves have bought the
Teslas, but also uh Uber actually
finances some of these Teslas
themselves. So it's not like I always
just say why don't they just buy these
Teslas and then they're good, you know?
What's your thought? What he said?
&gt;&gt; Well, if Uber is able to buy Teslas,
then they become a fleet operator and
that's different than what they're doing
now. That's a completely different
business. And that may that may be what
happens. That may be how Uber survives
is to sort of ditch what they're doing
now, become a massive fleet operator.
There'll be other companies looking to
do that as well. Um, and that is is to
me the the off-ramp that they have. But
if they're going to continue down this
path that they're on now, I think
they're going to quickly find that
they're going to be increasingly shut
out. if they are successful with any of
their partners. Let's say for for
example Whimo Whimo looks at the
economics of this and ideally Whimo does
not want to have to share any of the
revenue with Uber and so over time Whimo
itself would be looking to separate
itself from Uber as well. So he's
talking a good game. He's saying the
right things. But I think when you
actually look at it and and understand
what's going to happen here, it becomes
pretty apparent to me that Uber will not
have a seat at this table. This is a
completely different business model than
what they're in now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You'll walk us through your mis
the miscalculations that they've made.
But uh just quickly when you just said
this, I would say that if the if it ends
up becoming uh 20 plus different players
and they're all fairly about equal size,
he will win. He's got a place maybe. But
if they it turns out to be like a five
major players and each of the four of
the five are all pretty big significant
sized market share, they'll just do it
on their own. I don't understand his
need. Okay. But we'll we'll go through
that. Um, let's start off with uh you
wanted to share this. What what is what
was this?
&gt;&gt; Well, this is from Uber's uh February
4th uh sort of document on their
autonomous vehicle plans. And it says
here, one year ago, we laid out our
perspective on the future of autonomous
vehicles around the world. Uh we said
while the technology was advancing
quickly, we expected commercialization
to take much longer. So this is actually
in their interest if if things get
stretched out for a period of time.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Um this is because what we call the
gotom market puzzle to deploy widely AVs
will need a consistently superhuman
safety record uh and enabling
regulations. So certainly yes that's an
issue. A cost-effective scaled hardware
platform well that's an issue with
everybody except for Tesla. Uh excellent
on the ground operations well that can
be put in place and a high utilization
network that can manage variable demand
with flexible supply. So they are
talking up the things again that they're
used to that they're supplying now for
this ride share market. Um and so this
document sort of goes through and and
highlights some of the things that
they're talking about and sort of makes
the case for why Uber should be a should
be a partner here. Um again as I read
this I'm highly skeptical. I think that
things are going to play out quite
differently than what they're talking
about here. Yes, it may take some time,
but once the uh the safety issues are
ironed out, then there's nothing
stopping the autonomous vehicle industry
from scaling like we've never seen
anything scale before. It's one of those
things. It's slowly slowly at first and
then all of a sudden. So Uber is saying,
you know, this could take a decade or
more perhaps. Perhaps it takes that long
for the safety issues and everything to
be ironed out. I doubt it, but but
perhaps. But at some point, uh, you just
don't need this middleman that Uber's
positioning itself to be. Here's Uber's
business model. So, let's kind of anchor
ourselves on this. This is where they're
at today. They did, uh, in the fourth
quarter, $14.4 billion in revenue. Um,
8.2 billion of that was what we think of
as Uber, the service, the mobility
service. And that has margins of about
27%.
And then Uber Eats is also a pretty
significant chunk, about 5 billion in
revenue in the quarter. and that's got a
margin of about 21% gross margin 21%.
And they're getting into the freight
business. Um, which is also a kind of a
highly fragmented market. Um, and right
now they're not making any money there.
Okay. Now, their revenue uh is a
fraction of the total amount of money
going through the platform. So, you can
see the third little black box, gross
bookings. They did uh 54 billion in
gross bookings. So the revenue they
report is kind of their their share of
that.
&gt;&gt; Well, what's the difference? The
difference is the money that they pay
the drivers.
So $40 billion of the 54 goes to the
drivers. Okay. The gross bookings number
is the number that you and I pay as the
customer. We're paying the 54 billion in
revenue that's coming out of the
customer's pocket and 40 billion of that
is going to the drivers.
So imagine how the business model looks
then when you have an autonomous fleet
and you don't have the driver's costs
and then where does Uber get the
vehicles from then? They don't have
their own fleets. They don't make the
cars. So you can see that suddenly this
again is this middleman sitting here
saying okay we were directing all this
traffic but you know what the traffic
self-directing itself we're not needed
anymore.
Um if you go through the rest of Uber's
business model, the net effect is a
profit margin there of 300 million
profit of $300 million on revenue of 14.
Um now there was other expense. So maybe
you know maybe operating profit normally
of a couple billion per quarter
um maybe is something you should expect.
So a net margin of you know 10 to 12%.
So this is not unlike the automobile
business. Pretty low margin business.
&gt;&gt; Low margin. I'm shocked. very shocked
because they like I just said they don't
own anything. They're supposed to be
just an app and yet why is their profit
not as high you know 80% 70% of their
revenue.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; This is an expensive you know to be the
conductor of this orchestra is
expensive. It's not they're not sitting
high on their perch earning crazy amount
of money.
&gt;&gt; What is cost of revenue? Um, well, it's
it's the cost of for them to generate
all the revenue that that they get to
get to keep. Uh, I'm not entirely sure
of what goes into this. I'm not, you
know, I'm not an Uber analyst. I don't I
don't follow those company that closely.
So, I don't know specifically what's in
that bucket for them that's so big. Um,
but it's, you know, the the systems and
the people in place to that they need to
generate that that revenue. And then on
top of that, they've got all the
corporate overhead uh in in the
operating expense line.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; Um as well as some other things. But um
so yeah, this this this business model
as it stands today is is not that
outstanding and there's some serious
cost to it. If if they if they reported
gross bookings as their topline revenue,
then their margins would be tiny.
&gt;&gt; And didn't they just hit profitability
after 20 plus years or whatever it is?
&gt;&gt; It took a while. This is definitely a
scale business.
Uh, and of course it's one of those
things too as you enter a new market,
you're not at scale, so you've got high
costs and high expenses. It's it's it's
one of those challenges that that you
know they had to keep reinvesting and
keep growing, keep expanding, but the
more you expand, the more you lose for
for a period of time.
&gt;&gt; All right.
To the um to your thoughts here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So they are right that AVs will
unlock a multi- trillion dollar
opportunity, but I don't think they're
right about for Uber.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. And I don't think they're right
about how it fundamentally amplifies the
strengths of their existing platform. I
think this is a miscalculation on their
part.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And we'll explain why.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Um
this idea of a hybrid uh network is also
interesting and I think we may have this
for a period of time certainly because
AVs aren't going to take over the world
overnight.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Right. But they they make the case that
this hybrid network of combining human
drivers and autonomous vehicles is more
efficient, especially given how
unpredictable ride demand can be during
the week.
&gt;&gt; So they're saying human drivers can fill
in during peak times while autonomous
vehicles provide the baseline supply.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Well, the problem is what happens if the
autonomous vehicles are even cheaper
than the human ones? Then you don't need
the human drivers to fill in the peak.
&gt;&gt; So isn't this uh what's happening right
now? Let explain to me what's going on.
So, uh, Uber of course has their app,
human drivers everywhere. Whimo
launches, they've got in 10 cities.
Oddly, they only do maybe, I think, two
cities where they've decided they're
going to partner with Uber. I know for
sure Austin, which means that you open
up the Uber app, you order a car, if it
happens that there is a Whimo car, then
that's what they'll offer you. And
that's what they're saying. I think
that's their pitch to Whimo, which is
you don't have that many cars in Austin.
And so you don't want to just offer
yourself there. You want to have this
combined human drivers that can fill in
when needed. And we only give you and
then you you that will allow you to
always be full. I don't know what their
logic is, but that's what they do. But
the weird thing is that Whimo decides to
launch in multiple new cities without
Uber. So if this if truly this was
important, they would have been doing
this all the time. But that's doesn't
seem to be the case. Well, the challenge
as it is now
is that Whimo actually is pretty
expensive to run from a cost perspective
to the to Whimo the company.
Not to mention the price of the fairs to
the customers. Um, Whimo actually is
often able to uh garner higher fairs
than than Uber is because a lot of
people don't want to be in a car with a
human. So, Whimo has carved out that
little niche and they get they get
higher revenue for that on a per mile
basis.
The problem that Whimo has is, and we
talked about this, and this is from New
Street Research, is that as they add
more vehicles to the market, there's
less and less than, you know, uh, high
fair miles. They they've already skimmed
off the the cream in terms of the the
opportunity. Now, they have to accept
lower fair per mile if they're trying to
take market share, but their cost
structure doesn't allow them to do that.
and they're going to have more vehicles
sitting idle. And so you've got
expensive cars sitting idle earning less
money. So for Whimo mode, the best
strategy is to try to expand in as many
markets as possible to skim off the
cream of each of those markets. And in
that way, then they lose less money than
if they try to scale massively in a
single market. Well, pretty soon along
comes Tesla with their extremely low
cost to make to operate
CyberCap. That's going to destroy
Whimo's economics. They'll have
competition at high end. People that
don't want to be in a cab with a a human
driver can now choose between a Whimo
and a cyber cab. Tesla will be able to
unc undercut Whimo very easily.
It's going to completely destroy Whimo's
economics. Now, we're getting off topic
here in ter terms of Whimo, but as it
relates to Uber, I think what they're
saying here, maybe that as it stands
today, but introduce Tesla into this
equation and things change dramatically
very quickly.
&gt;&gt; Okay, explain this. This is Austin's
autonomous vehicle operating zone.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, what's going on? So, so this is
this little chart and this is good to
understand because you can see the
demand for uh ride share um you know
changes uh throughout the week and you
can see on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday it's building throughout the
week. Uh it's interesting, isn't it? You
think it' be more steady throughout the
week that that you know the Monday
demand would be similar to Wednesday
demand. Um but Thursday and Friday it
really builds and Friday and Saturday
are the peak times in terms of demand
for ride share and that makes sense.
Friday nights, Saturday nights, people
are going out, they're having a good
time, they're going to bars, they're
using ride share more. Uh, and then
Sunday is a big drop off. So, what
they're saying here is point number one,
stable engagement for AVs, which serve a
fixed base load supply
is what they are envisioning. And then
they're saying human drivers provide
boost supply to meet demand spikes
throughout the week. This is this hybrid
model they're talking about.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. And then he says an AV only
competitor must hold significant
underutilized supply to match Uber's
reliability and prices or deliver worse
consumer experience and leave
significant demand off the table. Again,
this is wishful thinking here. They're
not accounting for the fact that an AV
only competitor i.e. Tesla can do this
very very cheaply. It
&gt;&gt; this applies to Whimo because this is
true for Whimo. Whimo can only do
&gt;&gt; the the the stable amount. That's why
they have 500 cars. Is it 500 or 300 in
Austin and that's it. That's what
they'll do. And they can't add more
because if they do add more, uh, you'll
use it for this period, but then they'll
they're sitting around doing nothing for
so long, you know, any you'll only do it
for these peaks and that's it.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Um, and it's too expensive for them.
But, right, so this it this does apply
to Whimo and that's what they're saying
to them. You just go ahead and do this.
But I Okay. Yeah. Trying to understand
like worse consumer experience. But
Whimo is doing that in some c in some
cities where they don't partner with
Uber and they're fine with that
scenario.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think they're testing out and
they'll learn pretty quickly that they
won't need Uber I think ultimately.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Now imagine this chart. Imagine
overlaying this a line that represents
the number of vehicles in a given city.
So let's imagine Whimo for example. And
let's say in Austin they have
&gt;&gt; I don't know how many. Let's say 250
vehicles. Yeah. Let's say 300. Yeah.
Okay. 300.
&gt;&gt; So, so 300. Draw a line of 300 vehicles
on this on this curve. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Right there. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now, imagine a line that's a thousand
vehicles.
&gt;&gt; It's going to be
&gt;&gt; up up there somewhere. Wherever that is.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; The the the
&gt;&gt; Oh, it'll be d if this is 300, it'll be
three times that. It'll be right around
here. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, imagine then there are certain
periods and maybe even days of the week
where you just don't need 200 of those
vehicles because there's just not enough
demand. So they're sitting idle.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So you've got expensive cars
&gt;&gt; sitting idle making no money destroying
the economics of the entire fleet in
that particular city for Whimo. This is
why Whimo again has to keep going to new
cities.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And this is what Uber is saying
that they're saying that there's a fixed
base load of supply. These autonomous
vehicles awesome. They're there. That's
great. They're failing to understand or
or admit publicly what the Tesla effect
is going to be here. And we'll talk
about that here in a minute. Uh James
Delma, do you have that quote from
James? Yeah. So he says, "This graph is
dumb. Oversizing a fleet and having a
lot of idle cyber cabs on standby most
of the week is conservatively 30x
cheaper per billable mile than paying
drivers to provide variable capacity
above a base AV capacity."
&gt;&gt; Wait, can you explain that? Because the
the difference between a driver is that
they're sitting at home and uh Saturday
night comes and then they see their uh
a notification from Uber says, "Hey,
we're going to pay you five bucks a
mile, whatever, you know, if you go out
now." And then that's the guy goes
sitting from his couch goes, "Oh my god,
five bucks a mile. I'm going to go." And
he goes out there. So it's not How's
that cheaper? Well, it's not it's it's
if you're paying somebody five bucks a
mile when when your cost is six cents or
20 cents or whatever.
&gt;&gt; I see.
&gt;&gt; Right. You're you're giving that cream
to somebody else unnecessarily. So,
&gt;&gt; okay.
&gt;&gt; And then James is also pointing out that
these idle idle vehicles and quotes can
be re prepositioned to dramatically
reduce weight times which is a primary
component of service utility. So in
James mind if you have a very lowbased
car which cyber cap specifically low
cost to build low cost to maintain low
cost to average it's okay to have them
sitting there doing nothing it's not the
same as your your economics for Whimo or
for even Uber with drivers you can have
them sitting there doing nothing and
then he's saying that you can even
position them closer anticipation of it
to come
&gt;&gt; and you don't even have to wait for
anything. They'll be just there when uh
when the the game ends. They're already
positioned very close to the area and
then they get in
&gt;&gt; exactly where they're needed. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now note he's got idle in quotes and
he's part of it refers to the fact that
they're not idle. They're prepositioning
themselves.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; That also if you think about uh Tesla's
opportunity with distributed inference.
These cars are computers on wheels. They
actually can be making money and doing
something even if they're not carrying
passengers.
can't do that today in in an Uber
vehicle.
So, we'll get into the miscalculations
that Uber is making and this is this is
part of it. But, um yeah,
&gt;&gt; James been a little bit more spicy these
days. He's not holding back anymore.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, final line there is if Uber
is being run by people who can't do
math, then they have bigger problems
than these.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All right.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
Okay. Again, this is from that vehicle
spotlight. This is a snapshot of the
cover page of that.
&gt;&gt; Um, so just just for reference. Um,
&gt;&gt; okay, let's talk about the
miscalculations. Let's kind of go
through the details. So part of it I
think is is today uh uh you know Uber's
focused on this asset that produces one
revenue stream. So Uber gets paid per
trip or per delivery, right? They make
money when a ride happens. If the car
moves, the the driver gets paid. they
take a percentage.
&gt;&gt; So they make money if it's being used to
transport people or goods.
&gt;&gt; Great.
&gt;&gt; Right. Um but as I mentioned earlier,
Tesla's vehicles can be used to make
money from compute
in addition to this. So Tesla now has
another avenue to optimize its network
on what they're getting in compute
versus what they're getting for package
delivery and and and moving people
around.
Uber does not have that will not have
that at their disposal. So that's a
significant miscalculation on their
part.
&gt;&gt; Miscalculation in a sense of what? Um
&gt;&gt; well that they don't they don't
necessarily see that world. They're not
that because they don't own these
assets. They don't have that
opportunity. They're thinking that this
autonomous vehicle world looks like that
chart that we showed where you've got
these big valleys where there's no
demand and that you can't make any money
that those assets are stranded at that
point. And it's a miscalculation in the
sense that they're not stranded assets.
They're actually money-making assets.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Actually, it makes sense. So, uh
Tesla cars for uh sounds like it cuz
they've already announced it uh that
Tesla cars have GPUs on the on on the
car and they have uh cooling, they have
the battery and so they're really m you
know a distributed
AI data center, tiny little distributed
AI data center and that could be p you
can be paid money when it's actually not
driving. Okay. And then now I just
realized what you just said that because
even Whimos should be able to do this
too because they're owned by Google.
Google Deep Mind will want to use those
cars. Although I think their inference
chips we found out are not very powerful
at all when there's a power outage which
happened this weekend. San Francisco
power outage. Whimos can't drive because
they need internet access.
&gt;&gt; And so they stop driving when there's
when you lose internet access. And so
you're asking why is Tesla able to do
this? because they have they both have
chips but everything that Tesla needs to
drive is all in the inference chip in
that GPU there and apparently it's not
and by the way exact same thing happened
in China bu had the same thing they had
an internet outage and all their cars
stopped driving as well so this seems to
be a pattern but anyways at some point
these autonomous vehicles it is owned by
Google deep ne and so they will probably
use that as inference as well
&gt;&gt; I think Elon we did a about this. Elon
recognizes Google as its number one
long-term competitor. Yeah. Now, this is
pure speculation on my part. If the
Cyber Cab or Model Y has two uh AI5
chips in it eventually,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; why not put three or four
&gt;&gt; if it's cheap enough?
&gt;&gt; If if if if the cars are sitting idle,
&gt;&gt; why not maximize the opportunity to earn
revenue from that? And that may be
adding more chips.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And this is where you'll this is
why they've already patented Starlink
embedded into the roof of the cyber caps
or other cars that they make.
&gt;&gt; High bandwidth. Why do you need high
bandwidth to be able to do
&gt;&gt; that's right
&gt;&gt; compute? Well, maybe okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. So, this this one maybe is a
little bit harder to get across, but
this idea of treating this labor
disruption as a linear thing. Um, so
this shift to autonomous vehicles is
happening at the same time as this rise
of humanoid robots. Now, the humanoid
robot thing is maybe a little bit more
behind, but it's not far off. It's not
far off. And so, what does that mean?
So, it means that that the humanoid
robots can handle many of the tasks that
are kind of adjacent to the ride as it
stands today. So, you think about uh the
things that are involved in a trip or
delivery. So for delivery, there is the
preparing packages and food. You got to
prepare the package. Well, a robot could
do that. There's the loading and
unloading. A robot could do that.
There's the picking up and dropping off.
The robot can do that. There's
maintaining the vehicles. Maybe a robot
can do some of that. So,
we don't need humans for hardly any of
the the things that are associated now
with with the ways that Uber earns
revenue. They could say, "Yeah, sure.
there's an autonomous vehicle, but we
need we still need people to do this,
that, and the other thing. It's like,
well, no, the humanoid robots are
probably going to do those things, too.
Tesla's developed a robotic cleaner for
the car. We see uh different charging
things, whether it's a pad or whether
that's a robotic arm that's going to
charge the cars. We're going to automate
everything associated with this whole
network. Um, so it's a situation, I
think, of the entire system moving away
from Uber, not just the cars. I think
that's another miscalculation on their
part. Uber is claiming that uh and you
said it earlier, autonomous vehicles
won't be available until 10 years from
now, 2040. In fact, they said, didn't
they? So, they're trying to push it off
as far away as possible so that we have
this world where there's a human plus uh
autonomous vehicles because of that. I
think once they they realize that once
in a world let's say there is autonomous
vehicle like every ride hill is now
taken over by AVs which is very possible
by 2030 uh because you only need several
million of these you don't need it's not
like tens and tens of millions and then
if the cost is so much lower because you
don't have to pay the human to drive it
if that happens by 2030 they they don't
have a they don't have anything to offer
you know so they're pushing it off to
2040 said
&gt;&gt; that sounds like something that
Blockbuster probably said about Netflix.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um but also even even so, even if it
does take 10 years,
Tesla's going to just like Whimo is
doing, they're skimming the cream off
the top. They're taking the high value
rides because people don't want to be in
a human- driven vehicle anymore.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This is what happens with legacy
uh technology or companies. They're
doing very very well. In fact, their
profits keep going up and the revenue
keeps going up. a new technology comes
in and at first it's 1% not a big deal
no big deal 5% no big deal but once it
hits 15%
they that business model for that legacy
collapses
&gt;&gt; so you don't have to wait until it's not
this thing where it's like a you know oh
just slowly being no no that business
model collapses and that's what you're
predicting is that once autonomous
vehicle takes even just a little bit of
the market share from Uber they make
their money on those peaks and What
happens when that is not something?
Because who or who are you going to
pick? The company that charges you what
do they call this? Uh surge pricing
10 bucks a mile for that you know during
peak hours because they can't get
enough. And what if there is plenty of
very cheap and they they'll still do
storage pricing too uh Tesla and Whimo
but they could probably get away with
less because you don't have to entice
the human. And I wonder, you know, think
about that income statement graph that
we looked at earlier. I wonder if you
took surge pricing away what that would
do to the emergence.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's probably probably accounts for a
large portion of their profit.
&gt;&gt; I was listening to uh there's a ice
cream brand called Tenti and I was
listening to an a podcast where he was
interviewed about how he started his
company and right now they sell these
Tantei uh gelato in supermarkets. But
before they did that, they were selling
it at u you know gelato shop store. You
have to go there. And one of the reasons
he decided to flip to this new model and
it's not the only one but the one of the
he was saying was that it was really it
was like it was so sad of life. He said
you when when everybody's partying and
having fun that's when I have to work.
And that's the same thing with Uber
drivers. Like when everybody's like
having a great time that's when they
have to like get out there. So you have
to pay them a lot of money to get out
there. That's right.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; All right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I think that's a
miscalculation. The next one is um I
think underestimating vertical
integration. And I think as a Tesla
shareholder and investor, I think we
understand this because we see this with
Tesla. But you think with auton
autonomous vehicles um well right now
right now Uber's model is horizontal,
right? It connects many sort of
independent suppliers, the the drivers
to customers. But with autonomy and
robotics, it pushes it more vertical. So
you can now in a single company, you can
build the vehicle, you can own the
fleet, you can operate the network,
right? You can you can deliver all these
things. You can run the AI in Tesla's
case, their own AI, uh you can deploy
the robots, uh and you can earn income
from compute. It's a much more vertical
structure.
So when one company controls all of
that, you don't need a middle layer to
coordinate it because the one company
controls everything. You you don't have
all these different players. It's now in
one company. It's vertical. Um the costs
go down, the efficiencies go up
massively. Again, you just you just
don't need Uber. Uber Uber sits on the
side. They're not no longer on the
playing field anymore. The playing field
has moved. So they had a great solution
for where the playing field was before
to mix metaphors. And now the playing
field has shifted over to a different
area. They're just not relevant anymore.
&gt;&gt; Do you address somewhere in your
miscalculations that the big the big one
that Uber says is that we have an app
that is being used I can't what is the
actual numbers that 30 million monthly
active users a month. And uh that's why
Tesla needs to partner with them because
they're going to roll out a robo taxi
app and it's sitting there and they need
to use the app that nobody will want to
download another app on their phone
which is ridiculous because everybody
has Uber, everybody has Lyft.
&gt;&gt; Uh a lot of people have Uber, Lift, and
Whimo now. But the pro the with vertical
integration, Tesla is very likely going
to integrate their robo taxi app right
into the X account X app. Uh WhatsApp in
China did exactly that. WhatsApp in
China integrated robo taxi
tab and then you could order a robo taxi
right in the WhatsApp app. So
&gt;&gt; how many apps do you have on your phone,
Herbert?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, lots. Too many.
&gt;&gt; Is it is it hard for you to download an
app?
&gt;&gt; Seconds. Is that a me a tough mental
exercise for you to say, "Oh my gosh, I
have to download an app today. I'm going
to I'm going to cancel all my
appointments this afternoon. I'm going
to download this app." Like, it's not
people that say that people don't want
to download an app, it's ridiculous.
It's the easiest thing in the world.
&gt;&gt; It is. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um and if people hear that roboaxi
cheaper and and safer and better and all
that, they will download an app in 3
seconds.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's not not the issue.
Okay. So the fourth miscalculation is
believing that their role this demand
aggregation role remains a scarce asset.
&gt;&gt; Um and again that has been so you know
that's where the value lives for them
but that's not where it's going to be in
the future. Um so in a world where
supply of vehicles becomes intelligent
uh this this doesn't hold anymore. Um so
vehicles you know won't wait for ride
requests. they'll predict demand,
position themselves, and respond
automatically,
right? So, aggregating demand becomes
less of a need, and they won't need a
central app to tell them what to do.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, if I'm a I'm an Uber driver
and I'm trying to decide on my own, many
of them do. Where do I want to hang out
today? I'm going to hang out in this
suburb city or should I go close to the
airport? They often make that decision
themselves. And then Uber does that,
too. They they kind of help driver
decide.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, these these vehicles will
will determine that and then position
themselves for that demand.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you don't need
&gt;&gt; they'll know that a sports event or
something is is finishing up and they'll
be pre-positioned there.
&gt;&gt; Each one has their own AI if if it needs
to be, but they don't need to be. But
it's going to be a hive. But even if it
wasn't a hive, I mean, like a a a cyber
cap driving down the street of uh
whatever block you're thinking of and it
sees a a a restaurant that just a flood
of people coming out. Other cyber caps
will be told,
"Come here."
&gt;&gt; And two,
&gt;&gt; because of the vision cameras, you know,
&gt;&gt; when there's blockages in the road, the
rest of the fleet will know to avoid
that area. There'll be some fleet
learning associated with that, too. So
that's particularly helpful when there's
a sports event and suddenly there's a
problem somewhere. All those cars will
automatically route around that.
&gt;&gt; It just happened to AI driver this
weekend. He posted an Elon um I think
reposted it where with the because of
that blackout that I was talking about
in San Francisco where the uh Whimo cars
stopped driving
&gt;&gt; and it was a huge blackout. His car
Tesla decided to take another route and
he was going why are you going this
route? And it turned out because it knew
that that happened.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, so the next one, this is
ignoring what I call the power of
programmable yield.
&gt;&gt; So programmable yield is these these
vehicles operating in a system and the
system then is optimizing for
profitability. It's optimizing
everything. Um, and these vehicles
become yield generating assets. So the
way to think about it is, you know, the
robo taxi is no longer just a car,
right? It's a transportation unit. It's
a compute node. It's a robotic platform
and it's a data generator. We just
talked about collecting data and then
having fleet learning based on that. So
the owners of that vehicle, the owner of
that vehicle can optimize for yield, not
revenue. You optimize to try to get the
most profit out of that vehicle. whether
it is, you know, prepositioning it,
whether it's using it as a distributed
inference, you know, compute node, um,
or maybe there's value in collecting
data at a certain point in time. And so
you have the vehicles drive around and
collect data. Oh, okay. Now we know the
whole fleet learns that's valuable. It's
it's more than just about a trip and
making money from a trip. It's
optimizing the entire fleet and the
entire network.
&gt;&gt; Wow, that's a very powerful idea.
Actually, I didn't think of that one,
which is if it happens that driving
around to collect data makes you more
money, then why don't do that?
&gt;&gt; That's right. And then so you're not
just competing against, you know, the
cost of the mile, the the ride per mile.
It's what else can that car be used for
at that particular moment in time. So
let's say there's a storm and bunch of
trees are down and the city says we need
to know where the problem areas are.
&gt;&gt; Tesla says, "We got you covered. Our
fleet says XYZ. there's all these trees
down on this road. Boom. Here's the
data. And the city says, "Thank you very
much. Here's, you know, here's $100,000
for your work." Whatever it is, you
could have a contracts in place for that
kind of data collection very
efficiently.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um, that's just one silly example. I'm
sure there's much better ones, but these
vehicles can be used in many different
ways. And I think the collecting data
aspect actually is one very
underestimated thing that could make
these vehicles very valuable.
&gt;&gt; Um you could also see from a um
you know a hedge fund or a Wall Street
trading perspective the cars are driving
around collecting images of everybody
walking on the street. If you wanted to
keep track of fashion trends
&gt;&gt; you know in Southern California you
could
&gt;&gt; and you could pay for that data. there's
another revenue source
&gt;&gt; and the AI system says okay today we saw
XYZ and this on the street and over here
in this area people are wearing this now
&gt;&gt; again that's maybe another silly example
but any of those things become possible
because it's collecting the visual data
of what's going on
&gt;&gt; well yeah I mean uh it can probably know
whether or not a business is succeeding
or not because it can watch foot traffic
going in and out of it all day long
every every cyber cup that draws by is
capturing ing photos and videos and then
they just use AI to estimate, right?
&gt;&gt; How how long is the line at the Apple
store when the next phone comes out and
how does that compare with the last one?
&gt;&gt; Maybe that's valuable to somebody and
trying to estimate iPhone sales, things
like that. Impossible.
&gt;&gt; This is crazy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, I think their big
miscalculation is assuming that this
fragmentation they talk about persists.
um
you know they've succeeded in this
fragmented world. They've aggregated
millions of of independent drivers. Um
that's a very messy supply that needed
coordination and they they brought that
coordination to the table and have done
an amazing job. Um but as as autonomy
and AI, you know, favor scale, there's
large investments that need to be made,
right? And massive data and integrated
systems. Um, and that's going to lead to
fewer larger players controlling the
supply and and it's going to be Tesla
and who knows who else, maybe Whimo. Um,
this is the opposite system that Uber
was built for. Uber was built for
fragmentation. And what I'm saying is
the system's now moving to
consolidation.
&gt;&gt; Can you explain that a bit more?
&gt;&gt; Well, in Uber's world, they've
aggregated millions of drivers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, understood.
&gt;&gt; Fragmented market. And what I'm saying
is in the AV world, it's going to be
consolidated into one or two or maybe
three players. That's it. Yeah, that's
what I was saying earlier. That's what I
said earlier. If there if there is 20
plus uh AV companies and they all have
decent market share,
&gt;&gt; there may be a role for Uber maybe. But
if there's five and they which is you
know uh and and I think the some people
like Arc Invest and I think we do too,
it's going to be winner takes most. How
do we know that it's going to be winner
takes most? Take a look at rideill
market. Now first of all this is not
right. is population uh transportation
personal transportation. But let's just
look at the rideill market now. You can
see that it's basically Uber andyft and
maybe two three other smaller players
but you don't see 20 30 of them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Why? Cuz price matters. Um network
matters. Network of uh how many cars you
have there, how many drivers you have
and uh right availability and then that
does matter. So
&gt;&gt; yeah and I think too Herbert Uber
operates in this ride share market and
that's their mindset is rid share and if
you if you think about that chart again
with the peaks and valleys that's the
ride share peaks and valleys.
&gt;&gt; Yeah
&gt;&gt; no doubt there's peaks and valleys in
other transportation as well.
&gt;&gt; You know all other miles people aren't
driving as much at night they're
sleeping. So yes there's peaks and
valleys naturally but perhaps if you
look at all miles the peaks and valleys
maybe aren't quite as steep as what
we're seeing on that previous chart. And
then of course the question is is are
there ways of of smoothing out some of
those peaks and valleys? For example,
delivery trips. Can you do them during
the night? With robotics you can you can
have, you know, think about all the
trucks for example that that go into New
York City and have to uh supply all the
restaurants. They want to do that kind
of at off peak hours and they have to do
that with human workers. Well, if you
substitute autonomous vehicles and
robots that can go in and resupply all
the restaurants in New York in New York
City in Manhattan overnight, then you've
you've smoothed out some of those peaks
and valleys. Um, and that may also be
true with with some human uh
transportation, but certainly packages
and food delivery could be much of that
could be delivered at off peak hours.
Um, maybe not the food delivery where
you're ordering a meal, you're eating
for dinner. That's that's a peak hour
thing. But to the extent you're
delivering groceries, there's no reason
to deliver groceries at 6 p.m. at night.
&gt;&gt; Amazon does that. They drop it often in
the morning. So that's a very very good
point. By the way, I think that that is
so critical. Uber's price point, they
have to pay the driver $4 per hour
depending on peak and all that. Whimo
five bucks an hour per mile, sorry. But
once if if Tesla is able to bring it
down to a $1.50 to a dollar per mile,
all of a sudden it's no longer ride. Now
it is more than rideail because some
people will choose to do this as their
regular transportation rather than just
for ride here services because it's so
expensive. Right. Uber themselves said
if you reduce it down to a certain price
point, it's 10x their their market.
&gt;&gt; Yes. When in that scenario, then your
autonomous vehicle is no longer having
issues. You can now have a thousand cars
instead of 500 cars and it would be full
stable usage all the time
&gt;&gt; or another peak,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. That's the difference. The reason
these guys have never even thought of it
is because they had never assumed that
they can bring down the price to a lower
than a cost of owning a vehicle, which I
some people say is a $150 a mile.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. AR invest talks about 70 some
cents a mile. So there's a wide range
there I guess in terms of what that
might be. Um obviously any average
there's a range around an average. For
some people who are subprime auto
borrowers their cost per mile might be
you know $150 and other people that you
know have purchased their car with cash
and are easy on their vehicles and the
vehicles last a long time they might be
getting 50 cents per mile. So there's a
wide range in those averages. But all
along as as AV operators have the
ability to reduce prices or the fairs to
the customers, you're going to unlock
more and more and more of that market.
And as you decrease by the same amount,
let's say, you know, every every 25%
drop per mile or every 25 cent drop per
mile, you're unlocking more and more
demand each time. It's not just a linear
thing.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So the first 25cent drop, you might
unlock another percent. The next 25-cent
drop, you might unlock 5%. the next 25
cents you might unlock another 10%. It
keeps scaling like that. It's the world
that Uber has dreamed of that they can't
get there. They'll never get there.
&gt;&gt; They can't get there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And then the final miscalculation is is
assuming uh that time is on their side.
Again, we talked about this whole
10-year thing. They think it's going to
take time. Regulations are slow. Edge
cases are difficult. You know, it's just
going to take time. But I think that's a
miscalculation on their part. Um, it
feels like to me that Uber is kind of
optimizing for this transition phase.
They're not optimizing for the end
state.
Tesla is optimizing for the end state.
The transition phase may be a challenge
for Tesla and frustrating for
shareholders, but the end state is where
ultimately we will get to and that's
where the the greatest rewards come. As
we talked about, Tesla can use these
vehicles, the robo taxi, as a platform.
It's not just for delivering rides for
people. It's a platform for all kinds of
services. Many of them I think that
we've identified and I'm sure there are
some that we have not thought of yet
that that we will we will soon discover
that this these vehicles can be used for
X Y and Z. Uh that has been the case
with every new platform that's been
developed. There's always new uses that
people discover.
Um and I'm sure it's going to be the
case with Roboaxi as well.
One of the promising news use use cases
is to use these vehicles as mobile
compute nodes.
We don't yet know what the economics of
that looks like. That that is
increasingly appearing to be a
significant advantage for Tesla as their
competition doesn't have that. If you
think about uh Tesla going up against
Microsoft and AI, Microsoft is forced to
spend billions of dollars on a new data
center
and Tesla and XAI and SpaceX do that
too. But they also have this distributed
network of vehicles that can be used as
compute nodes at certain times. That's a
tremendous advantage. And although also
it's not distributed vehicles, it's
distributed energy. One of the issues
with these data centers is not can you
build the data center, it's not can you
get the chips, it's can you get the
energy to power the stuff. And here we
have Tesla already has got that. And by
the way, it's not just the supercharging
network.
It's our vehicles at home because we
have access to power 247 at our houses.
That's another thing that Tesla can tap
into with with the vehicles.
&gt;&gt; I just I'm laughing because this is the
irony of all ironies. Tesla's actually
the new Uber. Tesla is a company and
it's reaching out to personal owners,
drivers, right? personal owners and
saying, "Hey, if I pay you five bucks a
minute, five bucks an hour, would you
let me have access to your car?" It's
like an Uber, right? Can you drive just
trip?
It's like the It is They are now the new
Uber.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; It's really quite amazing. They're
They're going to be aggregating demand
from this fragmented supply of
&gt;&gt; whenever they need it. If there's a peak
of need,
&gt;&gt; Yes. we need more, we'll charge you
more. You want to entice you to put your
car in? Say yes. Um,
&gt;&gt; that's a good insight. That's a good way
of phrasing it, I think, Herbert, is
that Tesla is a new Uber in that sense.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; What's the likelihood and asked Larry
this uh question recently, what's the
likelihood of you you did a fantastic
show where you said uh how much money
could you make if you buy CyberCap? And
then you did a follow-up show with me
where you did a cybercap fleet and you
showed how the money that you make from
the cyber cab it and you can take
onethird of that profit and buy another
cyber cap, buy another cap, eventually
you can have a massive fleet because it
is just such huge cash flow and it pays
for the financing even. So why wouldn't
Uber just do this? Why don't they become
a fleet manager?
&gt;&gt; I think they may be forced to.
&gt;&gt; What a business for them. I think
they're going to be forced to because
the business as it's structured today
and this this dreamy world that they see
happening of hybrid demand and happening
over 10 years I think is quickly going
to get away from them and maybe they're
fine for the next two or three years and
everything's hunky dory and they go on
to higher profits. Just like you said
initially the disruption doesn't disrupt
their profit that comes later. The
disruption is coming to their business
model that shows up in profit later. By
the way, people sort of forget this that
that revenues and profits is the last
thing that you see.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; When you're being disrupted and when
you're when you're growing, those are
the last things. It's it's a bit like
when somebody gets, you know, sick. The
the visual that seeing that somebody's
sick is maybe the last thing that you
see. It's already happened inside their
body and then eventually the outward
signs. It's the same thing with
businesses. The outward signs is the
revenue and the profit suffers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
But the sickness is already happening to
the the structure of the model and
that's what's beginning to happen to
Uber now
&gt;&gt; on on both sides. So you're looking at
Tesla going, "Hey, you don't even have a
car out there and you don't have any
revenue yet and you don't have a a
fleet." But reality is take a look. It's
the last thing that will happen because
you've got FSE solved solving. It's
almost there. You've got the
infrastructure in place. They've got
service centers everywhere. They got
superchargers everywhere. They're
they're building a automated vacuum
cleaner. They they're they're building
wireless charging. All of that is being
put in place. Uh they're building
CyberCap. That's the big one. Of course,
uh factory roll it out. But you don't
have anything out there yet. Okay,
that's the last thing. By the time that
roll out and scale, then you'll be hit
hard fast. And the same way, same thing
with Uber. It looks like they're doing
just fine. They got a great story to
tell. But you broke you broke down a
number of things there that does doesn't
make sense on their part. They're not
giving thought a conductor without an
orchestra. So under current worldview is
we will sit on top of the ecosystem and
orchestrate it. The new reality may be
the ecosystem becomes self
orchestrating. Vehicles coordinate
themselves. Robots handle physical task.
AI systems optimize flows. Assets
generate multi-layered yield. Nice
summary.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. A conductor without an orchestra,
a sad sad state of affairs. But you know
what? When the orchestra self organizes
and self conducts and plays, it's a
beautiful thing. And that's a world it
it hurts the conductor, but it's going
to benefit everybody else.
&gt;&gt; The music might stop playing.
&gt;&gt; Well, music won't stop playing. It'll
play by itself.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's right. There you go. The
music will start playing by itself, and
you're like sitting there going, "You
don't need me anymore."
H great show. uh you do a lot of work
and you do a lot of deep thinking and
appreciate that you did this clearly you
didn't you did this on your own too you
didn't uh you know AI slop kind of come
up with these ideas you gave it some
thought so it was the most comp comes in
the images that conductor image was AI
slop I don't have the artistic skills to
develop something like that but
&gt;&gt; uh it is kind of funny sometimes to see
what AI comes up with when you present
it with an idea a prompt
&gt;&gt; um rolling the dice
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh, thank you for doing that. It was it
was most comprehensive I've seen of
somebody evaluate Uber's thinking and
what their strategy is and what your
thoughts were. So, we'll see how this
plays out. It'll be fun. But the
question that uh we started off with,
does uh Uber does Tesla need Uber
and does Uber need Tesla?
We'll see. It's going to come to play.
What how many cars do you think Tesla
needs to have in just pick a city? Let's
say Austin.
before that they will disrupt Uber in
that city.
&gt;&gt; Uh right now Tesla has what under 100
robo taxis. I don't know how many cars
Uber has in Austin. I should do a little
work on this. Um the disruption happens
pretty quickly because it's going to
start skimming off the cream of the the
pricing. And if you take away somebody's
most profitable rides, then they're hurt
much more than just if you just look at
averages. I don't know the number of Let
me let me get back to you with some
thoughts.
&gt;&gt; It'll be interesting because they'll
obviously hide it and they're not going
to just one cities not enough to you
know there'll be many cities before they
get hurt real bad. I'm just curious to
see when their business model gets
flipped.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The typical number I've been saying is
15%. when Tesla or some entrant gets 15%
of a legacy incumbent's market share if
their business model is truly unique
like uh in this case DVDs by mail versus
Blockbusters retail no in that case it's
you can't really compare that because
that was they they were hampered by real
like they owned the real estate that was
what they overstretched on their loans
on those real estate that was the real
reason but still in general that's what
happens to companies so we'll
If I think about it sitting here now, if
if we're looking at it and and let's say
the uh price per mile that Tesla's
getting in and let's say in Austin is
the same as Uber, then they're taking
market share.
&gt;&gt; They're getting some market share of
that, right? And that's going to
dependent on how many vehicles Tesla has
versus Uber. That's a market share game.
What Tesla's focused on though is not
market share.
&gt;&gt; Tesla's focused on driving down the cost
of transportation. And if we see Tesla
doing that, then we know that that Uber
is feeling the hurt big time because
they can't afford to operate at much
lower prices than they are today.
&gt;&gt; So that
&gt;&gt; I mean, they've had price wars before.
They've had price wars before. That was,
you know, the the theme for a long time
until they finally just killed or not
killed, but basically shut lift out and
said, "That's it, dude. We won."
&gt;&gt; So these these 95 vehicles or whatever
it is in Austin today pricing at, you
know, what was it? A$140 a mile.
um that's hurting Uber a little bit.
It's like a little pin prick.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But if we start seeing Tesla scale and
if they maintain that kind of pricing
structure, I don't I don't think they
will initially, but if they did, then
that's really going to hurt Uber very
quickly as they scale.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, watch that closely. Thank
you so much, CERN. Check him out on his
uh exac account at CERN Basher and his
website brilliantadvice.net.
Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thanks Herbert.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbert.com.