Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       The Math Behind Elon's Trillion-Dollar Bet
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iv-lCax8s6I
Published:   2026-05-21 16:40 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-21 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There is no place to go but space for
this problem. Honestly, before SpaceX
showed up here, there was nothing there.
Things are moving quickly. He is owning
the spice. He owns the transportation
network. He owns the comm layer. Elon's
grand plan here. If he succeeds, he
becomes the entire bottleneck for
compute in all of AI. Google wants to
use SpaceX and Starship to launch their
orbital data centers. I think Elon would
oblige. 1 million satellite orbital data
center constellation would require
roughly 5,000 to 10,000 Starship
launches. There's not enough energy on
Earth. AI is a memory hungry hippo. I
wonder if in the longer term that Elon
builds a terap or two in China. Felon's
terapab came online. The rest of the
manufacturing of GPU silicon is a
rounding error. Elon's going to hit the
launch button before the IPO. Here's
another reason that you highlighted why
it's important. How likely is it do you
think that Nvidia becomes an investor in
terapab?
&gt;&gt; Hey Phil, it's good to see you.
&gt;&gt; Hey CERN,
&gt;&gt; two weeks and two weeks. We're telling
time by this the frequency of this show
now.
&gt;&gt; I know. I start to think in units of
what has happened in the last two weeks.
&gt;&gt; It's almost too much to remember. I
can't remember what happened a week ago.
Elon said in an interview the other day,
it's like when I wake up, there's
something that happened
at with AI and by breakfast, by midm
morning, there's something new, some
other breakthrough. And then when I go
to sleep, there's something else. And
I'm like, wow, things things are moving
quickly here, aren't they? Things are
moving quickly. And speaking of moving
quickly, uh we're looking forward to a
certain something. And I decided to get
us all dressed up and ready for it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Look, we look good. We we look
pretty good. Yeah, the my bald head
could use that that helmet, so probably
should have put it on. But um
&gt;&gt; you think we could squeeze our fat heads
into those helmets?
&gt;&gt; Uh not those ones. No.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, not those ones. The AI didn't do
the best of work there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, those are just for the photo, I
think. Um and it also thinks that we uh
we're flying with NASA, but I I'm not
sure that that's the case.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's true. Anyway, um I guess
that's good branding on on NASA's part.
But we have um some things to look
forward to. I'll just pop up this
disclaimer. None of this is investment
advice. It's just two guys having a
chat. Um yeah, when you posted this uh
the launch was expected to be uh
Wednesday. We're recording this on
Wednesday. Now we're expecting it to be
Thursday.
&gt;&gt; I think I think it was actually supposed
to be Tuesday, right? Then it moved to
Wednesday.
&gt;&gt; Yes, that's right.
&gt;&gt; And then it moved Actually, I think it
was supposed to be last week.
&gt;&gt; Last week. And Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But hey, this is it's a rounding
error really.
&gt;&gt; I mean, who cares if things are on time
anymore,
&gt;&gt; you know? The truth is that um I mean,
it matters. No, what what's
extraordinary about the timing isn't the
delay at all. I mean, who cares? It's a
couple weeks, whatever. It's
extraordinary that Elon's going to, you
know, hit the launch button before the
IPO. I mean,
&gt;&gt; that's right. That that was your point
here with this. Yes. It seems like a a
big gamble, but if it pays off, then you
might have a $3 trillion company. I
know. And if it doesn't, well, who
knows? I mean, then you can you can just
delay the IPO.
&gt;&gt; Maybe if it doesn't, he's it's the first
education in the fact that rockets
actually do blow up and investors in
this public company called SpaceX better
get on board to the notion that rockets
do blow up.
&gt;&gt; That's right. If they weren't aware of
it before.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, speaking of rockets blowing
up, we do have some nice images of
rockets before they blow up. Um, and
this is some images that SpaceX has
shared. Uh, this is a really phenomenal
image. You can see the the people down
below there look like little specks
compared to the size of Starship.
&gt;&gt; Uh, by the way, know what's really
interesting about this is um, you know,
one of the one of the go-to moon plans
uh, involves
that very Starship as the lander. You
know, if you compare it to say the
Apollo landers, which look about largely
the size of a cybert truck, which you
can see down in the small portion of
that picture there, I believe, right?
Yes. The lower left. Yeah. Let's just
say they'd have a very roomy environment
if they take that to the moon. uh
multiple levels, you know, exercise
decks, uh locker rooms, you know,
actually be a lot of space inside.
But yeah, that's a that's a pretty
incredible thing to
to compare it to something like, you
know, cuz you know, the whole the whole
issue with Apollo 11 was that to get the
the lunar module down there is this is
sort of like you need this huge rocket
just to get it out of to get it off of
Earth, you know, and that's why they
built crazy big Saturn 5 which is now
starting to look for the first time
small. But I mean, remember that's a lot
many many years ago. But all to move
that little piece of mass that could fit
two humans down to the moon. I mean, one
in the one in orbit and two down onto
the moon. And then um but then you've
got something and and literally that
thing is, you know, I've seen it the
Smithsonian. It's it's taller than a
Cybert truck, but it's not,
&gt;&gt; you know, it's it doesn't weigh as much
by by far. It's a feather. It's a
feather weight. It does. It didn't need
structural integrity because it wasn't
going through an atmosphere.
&gt;&gt; So, it could be very light, you know,
that's why it looks like it's a tin can.
&gt;&gt; But, yeah, but um but Elon wants to put
that on the moon. This is the booster to
get it there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's
&gt;&gt; Yeah, if the last picture didn't look
big.
I mean, I think the height of the
booster is at least 2x the Starship,
right? I believe so. Not sure. Yeah,
maybe 6040 kind of a thing or maybe 30.
We'll see another picture here in a
second that give us the full the full
stack.
&gt;&gt; Um, this next shot is absolutely
incredible.
&gt;&gt; It's
look, I just got to stop and say, what
is going on here? You know, this is just
incredible. And here you can see that
Starbase uh you know the city of
Starbase here all the lights and of
course what's behind there on the middle
left is the factory uh which is where
the the booster has been rolled out from
and heading towards the pad.
&gt;&gt; Honestly before SpaceX showed up here
there was nothing there.
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Uh and here we are now the launch pad
with the booster and the the dead of
night. Uh it's kind of some neat shots.
Uh this is kind of a cool perspective
looking down. This is on Starship.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Look at the people. Look at the
people there on the top top center.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's people on the green lawn
over there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Yeah. And uh here it is just picking out
the little tin can with a couple little
chopsticks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And putting it on top of the booster.
&gt;&gt; By the way, anybody looking at this
doesn't understand why you keep seeing
silver and black is because the back
side's covered with the tiles. So if you
flip it around, you turn it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Here you can see here the black
side. Yeah. Yeah. So that's where it's
uh
you know where it kind of comes through
atmosphere. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So here you can see the size. I don't
know is that 6040 something like that in
terms of relation.
&gt;&gt; I was thinking is like a third a third
and a third roughly. Yeah. So it's
roughly that maybe I don't know we some
I mean it's easy to get those dimensions
but yeah
&gt;&gt; booster's big.
&gt;&gt; Um 33 Raptor engines in that booster.
Raptor V3s.
So this whole thing is the uh you know
the V3 stack. So it's the first time.
Yeah. That kind of Wow. That's that's a
good that's a good way to look at it.
Size.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Wow.
&gt;&gt; Um and this is kind of a closeup. Here's
a there's a person on the on the gantry
there for size.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's like where is
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This is probably my favorite shot
of all that we've looked at here now. Uh
just the perspectives I think of the
Cybert truck. Uh, and you can see how
much of the road this Starship takes up.
It's pretty much the whole road.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know,
&gt;&gt; what's cool about this is this is a road
to a public beach, Bokh Chica, which
they close obviously during the
launches, but you can you can drive on
this road past the SpaceX facility to
the beach and you can drive on the beach
actually. And when they're moving the
booster or Starship, you can actually uh
stand on the side of the road. This is
public land here. Uh SpaceX owns the
right side. Uh but the state, you know,
on the left and you can stand there and
I think you can probably see people
here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Just hope it doesn't tip over.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; By the way, it is it is one thing that's
noteworthy is a look that there are two
launch towers sitting behind. And what's
super interesting about that is that
doesn't even come close to the number of
launch towers that they need,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; To really to really make this the
railroad to space, right? You know,
there's rumors that they're looking at
um
uh another GF coast uh area in
Louisiana,
&gt;&gt; but they're, you know, I mean, obviously
what they're trying to achieve here is
at a minimum booster reusability,
which uses these towers to not only
launch Starship as a total package, but
also for catch.
So the interesting observation is two
things can go wrong. In other words, you
can destroy a tower on launch and you
can destroy a tower on catch.
&gt;&gt; So you have twice the opportunity to f
things up. So it seems like, you know,
erecting a lot more of these launch
uh towers would be necessity to not
potentially interrupt launches if
something goes wrong.
I wonder out loud how many towers they
can build at Starbase. What the
essentially the capacity for launch
towers is here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know. I I believe they're
building
two in the on the space coast, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And with Louisiana purchase, so to
speak. Uh that's a much larger piece of
land for Louisiana purchase.
look to in some sense
from some calculations I've done at
scale when they're trying to erect an
orbital data center that has a million
satellites they're going to be doing at
a minimum of three launches a day.
So
if all went well it would require three
towers. I'm sure that that's not the
dynamic that's not the measurement
dynamic that they're using. So, I'm sure
that at that point, you know, you need
&gt;&gt; potentially three to five launch sites,
two to three towers per launch site,
maybe three to five towers per launch
site. Um, I mean, I don't know what the
recycle time is. I haven't read up on
that, but you know, they've got a you
one of the things that's really
interesting is that, you know,
what's very unique about
the Raptor engine is that the Raptor
engine uses methane, not rocket fuel.
Rocket fuel is effectively kerosene.
And the problem with kerosene as a fuel
is it's a big hydrocarbon chain and it
doesn't burn as efficient efficiently as
methane. Methane is just natural gas.
Um Falcon uses
rocket fuel. In other words, kerosene.
So does uh yeah that guy. But the
problem with that is it it leads to
incredible soot buildup. M
&gt;&gt; and the reason that you didn't need to
worry about
soot buildup in past
rocket tree kind of programs is that you
never needed re you never had the dream
of reusability. So when Falcon comes
back they need to do a little scrub down
to clean it out.
But by using methane in Starship there's
almost no soot. It's like burning
natural gas
&gt;&gt; in your home on a burner. there's really
no carbon whatsoever. So, because it's
very clean burning, it increases their
opportunity for reusability dramatically
from that factor alone, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that would save a lot of time in
order to get these things really
turned around. I mean, I don't know what
the turnaround I should have looked it
up, but what the turnaround time, you
know, Falcon has gone through about, I
think, if I'm counting right over 650
launches.
Um, that that probably includes Fal
Falcon Heavy as well, which I think has
only done 14 of those that that set
&gt;&gt; uh 14 or 15 launches. But, you know,
Falcon is probably
I don't know 20 I'm guessing 20 to 30
different distinct
um rockets that have been reused
multiple multiple times,
&gt;&gt; you know.
&gt;&gt; Um but I don't know what the recycle
time is. Again, they've got, you know,
they've got they've got work to do to to
clean it and to get it ready. Use a
completely different engine. You know,
it's the the engine here is what you
would say Elon kind of saying, go build
me build me an engine that is, you know,
back in the day, you know, when SpaceX
started, go build me an incredibly
reliable engine. So, this is sort of
like the same stuff that started with
the V2 and made its way through the
Saturn program and then the space
shuttle program and all, you know, this
is the same type of of liquid fuel
engine, but Starship with Raptor just
goes in a whole different direction. Now
he's talking about, okay, build me an
engine that uses a completely different
type of fuel. The way it cycles the fuel
through is much more efficient.
Um, and then of course it just leads to
greater usability and a greater I guess
um, pounds to thrust.
So yeah, I mean Starship really is next
generation and I and I and I guess that
this workhorse of Falcon here, which is
an amazing rocket by the way, um you
know, it does it does at some point get
retired. Um
although it's really unclear when
because you know it, you know, it's like
the top portion of this thing and in
this particular if this is this is the
photo from last night's launch, I assume
that's right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's carrying I think 23 25
Starling satellites in that top fairing
you know that that top component there's
a
&gt;&gt; fairing that encloses them
&gt;&gt; u you know that's how that's how they
operate the payload but the you know
when it's going to international space
station that top payload is uh is is
dragon right there it's either cargo
dragon or people dragon uh either
transporting live humans or cargo, which
you know is a different type of of of
top space on the thing, if you will, or
payload.
But I but you know, so I would assume
that that
Dragon will continue to launch off of
Falcon even if Starship was highly ready
to go for some foreseeable time. But
Starlink won't, right? Starlink, it'll
be oriented towards operating with the
uh PEZ dispenser model that they're
gonna where they can put out, you know,
100 plus per launch versus only 20.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think it was 24 was launched on
this rocket
&gt;&gt; last night.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; By the way, the ark uh that it cast in
the sky is is pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; It's incredible.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I guess they would continue to use
this launch vehicle as long as the the
you know cost I mean the problem with
Starship is they may get the cost down
but but there's only so many Starships.
If if you've got Falcon 9 that are
launching reliably then you just keep
doing that. Seems to me that this will
Falcon 9 will probably be launching a
lot of third party payloads.
&gt;&gt; You know that's what I meant by you know
including Dragon because it's sort of
like those are NASA launches
effectively. Um but if you're launching
somebody else's orbital satellites in
any particular way, you know, Falcon is
that workhorse today. Except in rare
circumstances, you know, Falcon Heavy
where you've got the triple essentially
like, you know, you're gluing together
three Falcons effectively. Um you that's
used for much larger higher orbit
geosync satellites like the VIAT
satellite that went up a couple weeks
ago. Look at this. This this post
&gt;&gt; 1 million satellite orbital data center
constellation would require roughly
5,000 to 10,000 Starship launches.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And by the way, this post went up and
probably 20 minutes later was liked by
Mr. Musk himself.
So I mean this is really his math, you
know, from
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
But what's crazy about this is that I
mean
today we look at so okay you know kind
of from a scale and
we got 10,000 today roughly 10,000 plus
Starling satellites by far that type of
satellite is the most plentiful type by
far you know of of a single type by far
by multiple orders of magnitude.
So, we look at it with 10,000 of them,
we think to ourselves, that seems like a
lot. And then we look at this unit of a
million and we say, "Well, that seems
like a, you know, an f ton." Like a a
real lot. But when you do the math on
this,
a million, you know, there's a couple
interesting things about a million. I
mean, that
firstly, the type of satellites he's
talking about here are the orbital data
center launch satellites, right? That's
what that would make the bulk of this. I
mean this would sure starship would
launch further comm satellites meaning
Starlink satellites to to continue to
build the the constellation but the
majority of the satellites would be
compute satellites.
So
um
a million sounds like a big number but
it's not. That's the thing. It's really,
you know, that that falls I forget what
the math was on that, but that's
uh way below a terowatt of compute. You
know, it's I think it's like only 100
gawatts of total compute or something
&gt;&gt; would be a million. I'm not I'm not,
you know, check my math on it, but but
what I'm saying is
Elon's goal ultimately is to
reach to is his near-term goal is to
reach to a terowatt of compute in space.
That's way more than a million
satellites
or they're effectively just much larger
compute satellites because it won't be
this won't be static, right? He'll start
with a certain the first satellites he's
talked about of being 100 kilowatt
compute capacity. So 100 kilowatt
compute capacity is like 250 400 watt
chips if you do the math right. So he'll
obviously size that up and he'll size
that up
by some measure uh you know some happy
Goldilocks measure between too heavy,
too big and just right.
But the reality is that it's really
about the total payload. It isn't really
about the individual satellites that
make up that constellation. Because if
somebody told me, well, to do the same
amount of compute, it's 10 million
satellites or
100 million satellites. Where they sit
in orbit and how big space is, they
largely are, you know, just a small
speck up there. I mean, if you consider
it, consider a million people in a town
and look down upon that town like San
Jose where I live is a million plus
people. And if you were to flying over
San Jose, you wouldn't see a million
people, right? They're they're well
spaced out. So,
and space is, so we want to say, a lot
bigger. A lot bigger. Yeah. So, a
million is a million is nothing. It's
just it it's it's a big number in terms
of the dynamics of launch,
but it's not a real big number in terms
of what sits up there in orbit. Um,
that's something that I think it's going
to take a while to people to get
their minds around because they think in
satellites as being ones and twos and
threes and when you tell somebody
there's 10,000 Starlink satellites,
they're like, "Whoa, what do you mean?"
You know, that's crazy. you know, there
must be there must be so many of them
that I can't possibly, you know, um but
they're but they're specs, you know,
they're they're literally specs. So what
what my point is is that it's really a
launch issue more than it's it's about
the tonnage to space is the dynamic
through Starship and that program as a
whole being able to move those cars on
that railroad system to space is really
the is the
one it is sort of the limiting factor.
Now the other limiting factor is can you
make the chips and and the solar panels
and you know the sat manufacture the
satellites themselves but but once you
get once you get that process down then
it's really you know can you get can you
get space on the railroad car so when
you think then about an orbital data
center
I'm just going to speak in general terms
right let's say you could build one
that's relatively small and it's got one
one chip on it just to Right? Number
simple. And then you say, well, okay,
well, to put two chips in a satellite,
you're not adding that much weight, but
of course, you've got to add more power
and you got to add more cooling.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; How do you sort of approach what the
optimal size then of an orbital data
center is? What what's the constraints
around that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a great question. I mean, I I
think it's it's a little bit about
it's probably mostly about the thermals,
right? It's mostly about the fact that,
you know, they they've sized this. Like
I said, I made up a number here. I said
if if the you know we're we are
measuring compute in terms of of of
power today, right? So you know we talk
about launching a satellite that's 100
&gt;&gt; kilowatt and when we do that saying okay
well what makes up 100 kilowatt? Well,
it's going to be
um
a set of chips that
you know emit so much wattage heat.
Consider consider from a thermal dynamic
consider that whatever the chip is rated
at is sort of its thermal bleed because
it's sort of roughly equivalent. And
so, you know, you've got, if you're
going to put 250, 400 watt chips
in some housing, you've got to power
them. So, that's the solar array that
that unfurls and it's part of, you know,
the satellite solar array
is thin but long. It's like a football
field size, you know, like the the
satellite is something that would sit
within sort of that, you know, if you
think of it as like a football field,
the solar array would stretch the length
of the football field quite easily. The
satellite would fit at the 50 yard line
within that circle,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; You know, quite easily. Quite easily.
Quite easily. Because um these
satellites Yeah. So then you're talking
about then you've got a thermal
bleeding, you know, you've got a set of
um radio cores that have to kind of
bleed off the heat from the chips.
There's sort of a it's not an active
cooling system, but it's like kind of
piping that goes to these thermal
coolers that that do this today with
Starlink. You know, Starlink satellites
have those three major components. But
the chips in in a Starlink satellite are
communication space chips, right? And
then the Starlink has something else
that's fairly I mean it has two other
kind of comms components. It has big
communication array antennas on it for
the purpose of doing its job. And then
it's got uh laserbased
you know inter interconnect.
um that's probably smaller pack much
smaller package than the phase ray the
the larger the comm antennas right so
you could build these very large but I
think the reality is it's it it is sort
of the somebody would probably say it is
the goldilocks principle it's just right
you wouldn't make them too small you
wouldn't make them too large you want to
fit a number of them in a you know like
you want to fit a number of them in
starship for for the launch dynamic
um you can continue to make them bigger
bigger and bigger. There probably some
other dynamics that I'm not aware of
them and by by no measure anybody should
look at me as the expert here. I have no
you I'm just sort of like pulling this
from pulling this thread from a very
very top level information
&gt;&gt; but
&gt;&gt; but yeah I mean you know I I would
gather that you'll see chips that have
more
physical density for their you know
their output but then their thermals
probably will go up. Although the the
you know as they gener generationally
those chips as they build more more like
you know let's say that they start with
a D3 chip it'll have a certain thermal
rating to it you know good for space
runs super hot but has the thermal load
that has to be dissipated and then and
then you'll end up with someone will say
okay well we can build a more efficient
you know um chip in the next generation
as they, you know, maybe it's from a
manufacturing the node size of the of
the fab and but I mean I think where
where Elon's headed with this first
build with Terraab
is he's going for you know real advanced
the most advanced technology out there
from Intel which is I think they call it
the 14N or 14A I think it's 14A um
so it's like 1.4 four nanometer node
size I think if I'm right about that.
Yeah, there you go. 14A Intel's next
generation manufacturing node 14
angstrom. So that's yeah 1.4 nanometer
class. So, so I mean the the the point
of this is that you can kind of fit more
of them more compute in a smaller space
from as you went down. I mean the first
uh
gez I think the first Apple processor
that was for like 14 or 12 not 1.4. So
to give you some s I think the current
iPhone SOC's are run at uh Taiwan semi
makes them at on a 3 nanometer uh node
process. So the answer is it's going to
be a just right you know it's it's like
I said the number isn't really terribly
important in the big scheme of things. I
mean operating a lot of them is not
they're they kind of operate themselves.
They keep their orbits. They
there is some advantage of in a smaller
is better because in a sense you've got
the dynamic of if something
systematically breaks in that particular
satellite you've only
taking down you know 100 kilowatts of
compute not
one gigawatt right of your of your
&gt;&gt; so so again I I I I keep saying just the
the Goldie Ross principle but it's you
know you're gonna you're gonna stack a
certain number in Starship.
Uh the number in space is irrelevant,
but but I mean there's some relevance to
that, but it's not, you know, it's not
the it's not the it's not the limiting
factor. How much innovation do you think
you'll see, and this kind of relates to
your all path lead through terap
comment. How much innovation do you
think we'll see on improving the you
know the thermals of of AI chips in
terms of creating chips that generate a
lot less heat?
&gt;&gt; Well, I actually I think the reality is
overall they want to generate less heat
just as a general principle. But
&gt;&gt; but the types of chips that they will
produce here will naturally run hotter.
So the advantage of running them hotter
is you know the hotter you run them the
less cooling you have. If in other
words, if the chip can run at 2x the
temperature today, you can't really do
that because it, you know, kind of sits
inside these physical data centers where
you can't have,
you know, the ambient temperature inside
the data center being 200° Fahrenheit or
something and and expect, you know,
humans to run around and I mean, even if
the chips could withstand the heat
threshold themselves, the gen, you know,
how much they generate, then it makes it
a an environment where you couldn't
couldn't couldn't, you know, you need so
much more cooling to make it human
friendly. Here, you don't need any any
human friendly. So you can run these
chips hotter and then there's some issue
about making these chips more to
radiation harden from just space
radiation type of dynamics where you're
worried about you know what what people
would call bit flips in the chip where
you get um you know you get a logic
error because or a memory error because
you you know you're succumbing to this
bit flip uh problem. So they need to do
some work there. I don't know how much.
I mean what's interesting is AI models
are a little more resilient to bit
flipping than sure than pure logic you
know code because AI models after all
are billions to trillions of parameters
that any one value is you know quite
irrelevant. Um it's like imagine you
know one bit flip would be like
you asked the AI model write you a
thesaurus and or a you know whatever and
one period is missing in in one of the
sentences of you know
a stack of books as long as it doesn't
bit flip the logic layer of the of the
you know the compute side. So the so
what they're trying to do is they're
building some
radiation hardening. I don't know at
what level and I don't know the dynamics
of that. They have to build
they have to run them at a certain they
they want to run them at a certain heat
profile so they have less rad cool
radiative cooling requirements. And then
of course, you know, part of the the
bring up here is that they
unlike data center chips, the testing
probably they'll probably do a lot more
burning on on on Earth. In other words,
they'll probably run these chips super
hard because the mortality of the chip
is usually in its infancy, right? It
doesn't, you know, these chips usually
don't fail deep into their lifespan.
They usually fail fail in their first
couple hours of or whatever. Somebody
know would know that better.
But that's so so clearly if you're going
to launch a satellite with you know
200 to 500 chips per satellite
you can tolerate one two or three of
them just being you know like you'll
have what will happen is the logic of
the whole of that whole compute was when
one fails will just map it out of the
fabric of available
&gt;&gt; there's nothing to do they're not going
to repair it um
&gt;&gt; you Ultimately these satellites I
believe even in these suns sync orbits
they deor they de-orbit
and uh you know so like I think Starlink
satellites are four to five year
lifespan today it probably coincides
with the useful life of the chip
&gt;&gt; at least at least from a compute sizing
point of view right in other words um
like you can imagine that you know in
one two or three generations the the
performance per watt
goes up. It's like it's like looking at
the original Nvidia chips versus
Blackwell versus Vera versus, you know,
it's like why would you why would you
build a data center with anything but
Blackwell today and then why would you
build with anything but Vera tomorrow,
right? Um it's just sort of silliness.
It's like, you know, you wouldn't um you
wouldn't launch a satellite with uh a
million processors from the original
iPhone 2007 when you could, you know,
probably just put a 100 from,
you know, an iPhone Pro 17 or something,
right? Because there's so much more
density. Yeah. So, it's it's a different
dynamic. But, you know, here's the
reality. The reality is that
there is no place to go but space for
this problem to get solved. There is no
place to go. There's not enough energy
on Earth to to to meet our demand. Yeah.
I mean, you could solve the cooling
problem by going to places like northern
Canada, Siberia,
you know, Scandinavian countries,
Antarctica if you needed to. But that
doesn't solve necessarily the energy
problem.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean the the big the big problem
I guess there's basically two problems
putting them on Earth. One we don't even
have close to the amount of power that
we need. Um as I said in that lovely
chart that you have somewhere stacked in
here. You know we're going to slam
headon into needing um yeah this this
chart I think I keep coming back to this
in my head. I built this chart and I
keep
asking AI to check it because it it
looks insane because it is insane and
and and we discussed it before but let's
just very briefly go over it.
&gt;&gt; The blue line represents
demand
for AI compute. Let's consider this most
mostly inference right let's not worry
about the training side but actually
it's in this graph it's both. though
represents the raw demand growing at
3.4x
per year which is and by the way that
that y-axis is logarithmic so this is
not a linear looking thing anyway so you
know a growth rate of like the CPU
industry grows at I think 1.5
like almost 1.6 six, but the AI industry
terms of GPU, if we call it GPU, is
growing at about 3.4x. That's a huge
difference. A huge difference.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; so the the the blue line represents
literally raw demand, like based on our
current growth rate, not some fantasy
thing, just based on where we're growing
today. And I think most people listening
here would say, geez, I don't think AI
is going to slow down.
I mean it you know the then the the
yellow line represents
a pullback based on
efficiency expected efficiencies.
kind of did some, you know, AI
calculations here, if you will, and what
I mean is ran it through AI and
calculated and said, "Okay, here's where
we can expect efficiencies to bring us
in terms of chip architecture and so
forth over time to get us more compute
per watt
&gt;&gt; and so of that, but you're saying we've
we've achieved some of that in the past.
So, it's reason we can do that in the
future."
&gt;&gt; It's a very reasonable baseline
adjustment for efficiency.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then the green line, ignore
the the the the lighter green line, but
just look at the green dotted line at
the bottom. That represents
supply growing as it's growing today.
And what does that mean? It's like,
well, we're we're roughly at 30 gawatts
of available supply, meaning we're
running 30 gawatts of AI compute on
planet Earth today. And the main
supplier here is Taiwan Semi. And so
this is what they're and you can add
everybody else in there. Anybody else
producing
uh any type of GPU and and needs to be
said that if Taiwan semi you also are
competing for the Apple chips they're
building that aren't necessarily you
know in terms of their capacity to
build.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So that line represents actually
where they're growing and where they
have publicly said they're growing like
get with their investments in place.
That dotted line rep. So look at the gap
between the dotted green line and the
orange line you know wherever you want
to put that we're we're we're gapping
dramatically. And again this is
logarithmic. So that's this is even
bigger than it looks. So what I did with
the area chart there with the the
lighter green is I said okay
let's assume that Elon comes online with
Terraab producing one terowatt of
compute then that's where he sort of
makes up the difference between the
demand and supply gapping
and you can see it tapers off. Why?
Because one terowatt doesn't isn't very
important when you get out to 2034 it's
a smaller number.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So,
you know, realistically, he needs to not
build one terrafab, he needs to build
10.
But that's not really I mean, that's a
crazy problem in and of itself, but it's
not, you know, that's like once he
figures out how to build a terra fab, he
can build another terraab,
&gt;&gt; never mind the fact by by landfill by
2035.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, pretty much.
&gt;&gt; Well, so what does this all mean? It
means that you know we don't
this this this metric is telling you two
things. It's telling you
what capacity and chips you need and
again we're rating those chat those
chips in the capacity of power unit
today. So it's this is great because we
can put it on the same chart.
So what we're saying is
the way the chip industry is growing,
they're never going to meet the demand
curve of AI. You're not going to come
close. And I'm sorry, let me just drill
down on one one point there, one
question for you. The raw demand or the
even efficiency adjusted demand
that's kind of based on what AI is doing
now, right? In terms of growth, demand
growth.
&gt;&gt; But that doesn't include physical AI.
&gt;&gt; You mean?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, it doesn't at all
&gt;&gt; because it doesn't exist.
&gt;&gt; Doesn't exist.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it doesn't include a lot of AI
use cases that will So, so you know, if
you look at 3.4x
times growth every year,
it obviously accounts for a lot of
future use cases because we're growing
into that. That's kind of where we
started growing. We're growing into it.
It's partially like it's it's number of
people using the AI, but it's not
thinking of it as completely static. So
there's, you know,
&gt;&gt; but the reality is that I think it's way
off in terms of where we really need
compute because we're about to explode
compute. You mentioned one embodied AI.
Those are our cars and our our our
Optimus robots etc. And that's partially
the reason that that that Elon is
building terra right for his own
internal use of of the embodied AIs.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; But then we've got stuff coming like
aenti AI which is where now suddenly
it's not directly ti you know like right
today we do we do something human kicks
off the AI for the most part. I mean
obviously there's a lot of agentic stuff
running today but saying like two years
ago it's sort of like you put the prompt
in it responded to you. Um now you can
put a prompt in and and you can see like
just something like grock alone goes off
and spawns you know grock 4 point
whatever it is for 2 whatever it's out
there you know spawns off a bunch of
agents to just just respond to your
query. Imagine more operational agentic
stuff like coding agents and stuff like
that. You've got a generative explosion
coming, right? Where we're going to
start doing, you know, I can imagine,
you know, real-time commercials, real
time movies. I mean, imagine a
commercial for a given market is just
literally generative. Maybe there's a
base movie, but it's, you know, a base
commercial, but then it's it's modified
every single time it's aired for God's
sakes. or you know a Netflix series that
doesn't really exist
uh on a server. It really just generates
dynamically for your consumption or I
mean there's a a bunch of stuff in that
you know in that camp and then there's
stuff that I don't even know about that
that would demand compute. So I think
our commute compute demand for AI is
going to grow and I don't I have no idea
you know like like this yellow line
really is about hardware efficiency.
It's not about software efficiency. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; If you go back to conversations like,
you know, we had the scare where Nvidia
dumped off because the Chinese DeepSeek
model had a much more
uh, you know, oh, it's going to be do do
um, you know, the same work for 10x less
compute. And most of that stuff turns
out to be complete fantasy. I mean you
get you do get algorithmic realities
benefits but you know right right now
we're following the scaling laws of AI
compute and I think for the foreseeable
future we will follow the scaling laws
which means you need a f ton of compute.
So I mean what what this chart tells us
is it tells us a couple things. It tells
us that Elon has to build a terapab and
he needed to have it built yesterday or
he needs to start building it tomorrow.
I mean, I know he's busy, but you know
what I mean.
uh
um he needs to build more than one
ultimately and probably, you know, I
can't see it even a year out from now
once he gets his feet on the ground on
how he's going to build that thing that
he probably will announce that they're
going to start capitalizing a second one
somewhere. By the way, these aren't
small facilities. We've talked about it.
Terra fabs are like a minimum of 100
billion square foot factories. That
makes it 10 times the size of the
Gigafactory in Texas today.
&gt;&gt; So col colossal. Absolutely colossal.
&gt;&gt; It's it's it's it's a mind-numbing
thought. You know what did I say in the
past? It's like two and a half central
parks or five pentagons in space. I mean
it's it's kind of crazy. Um but the the
other part of this story is power,
right? I mean, if you could build the
chips, you couldn't power them because a
terowatt of compute requires a terowatt
of energy. You know, all our electricity
use in the United States is running
about a half of terowatt today.
&gt;&gt; So, we would require just in a mere, by
the way, the the compute of this is in a
mere 4.4 years, we run into a terowatt
demand.
So, if that's true, we can't we can't we
can't power that stuff here, you know,
at least not in the United States. I I
suppose China is bringing more power on,
but that's where we don't want to be. I
mean, in other words, we're not looking
for China to solve the problem here. So,
the answer is SpaceX and space. You
know, it's it's the orbital data center.
Three or four months ago, it sounded
like an insane idea. Right about now, it
sounds like a pretty good idea. And in
about six months, it'll sound like the
most obvious thing, the most necessary
and obvious thing that has to happen
because
&gt;&gt; and we'll be let you know, let's why
can't we accelerate this?
&gt;&gt; We need it. We need it now. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, we are we're effectively
like I say to anybody that looks at this
chart and asks me the question, how does
this balance itself out? Well, it does
because, you know, if you can't if you
can't meet the demand with the supply,
then something has to move. Something's
got to give, as they say. So, I expect
that there's a damn good chance that our
cost for AI is going to go up.
you know, cost per token is going to
really start to skyrocket because we we
don't have I mean, today a lot of these
large frontier models are effectively
in, you know, sure, Enthropic is making
billions of dollars, but they're
starting to cut. I mean, if Anthropic
didn't do the deal with SpaceX to take
over Colossus One, it was already
starting to pinch
on um its supply of compute, right?
Yeah.
And and by the way, you know, again,
think about this. You cannot solve this
on planet Earth because even if you
could build a large data center, even if
you could build it as fast as Elon, if
all in Colossus is say 2 GW, I don't
know if I'm being think I'm sort of in
the just right category.
Um, two gigawatts is nothing compared to
a terowatt.
It's like nothing. nothing. So, it's a
good start.
It's a good start.
&gt;&gt; Well, and speaking of terab, here's
another reason that you highlighted why
it's important.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is a really interesting one.
I mean, I think we've got some signals
out of that recent
um meetup between the heads of state
here that
um current administration seems to be a
little more
compliant or I don't know what the right
I don't know what the right diplomatic
term is, but
uh kind of let China do a little bit
what it wants with Taiwan. Maybe there's
some way of thinking about it. I mean I
don't know what what will happen but um
most of the chip productions
that we're talking about here is done in
Taiwan by I mean after all the TSMC is
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing
Corporation
um you know it it it produces a lot of
chips in Taiwan and we can't even even
though they're building the Arizona Fab
and they can't offshore it from Taiwan
quick enough
&gt;&gt; to one day be known as the Texas
Semiconductor Manufacturing Corporation.
Yeah, that's funny. Um,
aka Terra Fab, right? Mhm.
&gt;&gt; But yeah, I mean this is a really
interesting problem because I mean I you
know I mean what we what I I I we don't
think that I don't know I'm not I
shouldn't speak out of my lane here but
China I think would take a pretty soft
approach to any real tremendous
meddling with the production capacity of
Taiwan and export capacity simply
because you know it it's it it sits on
the world stage economic ically it's not
unless it's um some kind of national
security
change I don't think it's going to
prohibit existing relationships but what
I would say about this is
this is a damn good reason to build here
and you know what's interesting about
this CERN is that when if if Elon's ter
came online the rest of the
manufacturing of GPU silicon is a
rounding error
Yep.
&gt;&gt; So,
you know, it it effectively if you
assume forget about my demand thing and
you just said, well, Elon's producing,
you know, a terowatt of compute annually
at terrafab. That's the goal. That's why
they call it terapab. Then he would
make, you know, Taiwan semi production
capacity look like bit of a rounding
error. And so I would say at best
or maybe kind of you know Taiwan sits
where it sits and will do its thing but
it would be foolish to want American
companies would be foolish to want their
suppliers to continue invest in Taiwan
there. There's a summary statement
there.
&gt;&gt; Well, China's got to be looking at
Taiwan saying, "Well, we need that
capacity for ourselves." Yeah, that's
that's a super interesting question in
terms of like
the problem is it's it's
they might want the capacity but they
don't really have the advanced chip
designs to put into production. It's not
like I mean I suppose in some end state
they could nationalize it in a sense
that they could say just produce
blackwell chips for us using your
existing you know processes and the IP
that came from Nvidia but you know
that's unlikely to be the way it's going
to work. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, you know, China has to up its game
in chip design beyond just
having capacity
to to build chips because, you know,
it's not like Nvidia is doing nothing
over there uh in Santa Clara. They're
the chip design, the IP that's coming
from them is is uh is quite tremendous.
It's interesting when you think about it
because
I think most
people in America think of China as the
great adversary for the United States.
And it's such difficult different
different political systems, right? It's
it's a natural thing to think about. And
China certainly has a history of
stealing all the intellectual capital
from US companies and so on,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; So there's that that history. I'm not
you're ignoring all that. So when I make
this statement, I know it may seem
totally stupid,
but I wonder if in the longer term that
Elon builds a terap or two in China.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't I mean look he he happily
is running a
automotive plant there
&gt;&gt; sort of against all odds is the only
&gt;&gt; is it one of the only companies with no
Chinese partner.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. From that perspective yes
but I mean the the the realities of that
of that factory is it's Chinese labor
Chinese suppliers ch you know I mean
Chinese customer. It's like it's sort of
just like
a complete just duplication of Tesla.
It's like Tesla China over there, right?
I mean, obviously they um export to the
to the other countries, you know, the
other
um countries in that region, you know. I
mean, I I think it it is possible that a
tariff
could go up somewhere else other than US
soil. I mean, we've got our own problems
here, right? I mean, like, in other
words, if you're
right now, it's uh, you know, one of the
issues of, hey, I want to I want to have
a data center. Well, you're not doing it
in New York State. You're not doing it.
You could probably
I mean, like, New York State says no,
right? Um, you could probably do it in
California, but it would take you, you
know, about 10 years to get a permit to
to start
um putting down the foundation of the
building. I have a feeling perhaps the
highspeed rail would be finished by
then.
&gt;&gt; Hey, that's a way to get the the chips
out of this the phantom factory phantom
rail.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; We've got this um massive blue state
problem. And then of course, you know,
they're looking at the the politicians
of those states are looking at their
their voters and
they're partially feeding them and their
voters are already very anti-AII,
right? So that's definitely something.
And by the way, you know, some of these
larger companies like Anthropic don't
help because they they they talk about
the doom and gloom of of it's like they
do doom and gloom marketing. So they
&gt;&gt; they're not they're you know they really
it it was only our last
pod with our guests where we talked
about some of these issues where we said
that there you know in in the US alone
we we need to re-calibrate how we look
the the funny reality of this is that no
matter what anybody specifically thinks
about AI
the the voter in the United States needs
to take a geopolitical assessment of the
situation and say, "Well, if we don't do
what China does, and if China does, then
it's more of a threat to us than our own
our own people by far." I mean, if
you're on the left and you fear the
right, you probably should fear China
more than you fear the right, you know?
So, it's certainly an interesting
problem. I mean, it's I think a lot of
these blue states today,
the New Yorks, etc., uh are absolutely
foolish in their I mean the politician
doesn't think he or she is foolish
because you know but they've shown poor
leadership and what I mean by that is
they're not leading their voter to a new
place they're reacting to their voter
and as their voter creeps more into the
far left or some territory of
nonrational thinking when it comes to AI
then Their response is, well, then we
won't build a data center here, right?
Because, you know, it's going to use
this much fresh water, which is half
fantasy, and it's going to do this and
it's going to do that, and it's going to
take up all the power from the local
town, or it's increasing
energy rates, or whatever, whatever. I
mean, some of these things are true at
some level, but then they just cut off,
you know, reams and reams of investment
in those in those areas.
But ultimately the threat isn't
the red state, blue state. It's, you
know, US versus China. So
I don't know. I don't know how I don't
know how it I don't know how it pokes
its head out. I just know that
the um the final answer I mean the
answer I would be most I'm a fairly big
fan of Elon Musk because he understands
this better than most of our friends in
tech and looks at this as a geopolitical
risk and
looks at a post like this and says yeah
this makes sense because I'm trying to
do something here in the United States
which allows me more control uh and less
risk. One of the reasons I think Elon
has um has come to peace with this idea
is that he's putting more and more
automation in factories in the first
place. So, you know, the fact that
these
iPhones are made in China today has
everything to do with labor. You know,
when you build a cyber cab,
you don't have a lot of hands involved
in that in in that equation. And so if
you're building 100 million square foot
and you don't need
the same number of people you would if
you were making cakes or some other
labor intensive I you know I don't know
what would be labor intensive but
traditional factory dynamic then all of
a sudden you can build them here in the
United States um
beyond you know other
taxing in the system you can build them
fairly efficiently right it's
interesting know when we think about the
China situation and and I've heard
Jensen Wong talk about this
it's like if we don't sell our
technology to them then we're forcing
them to develop their own and the risk
with that is they end up developing
something way better than we have.
So might it be better to bring them
along and sell them this technology we
have? Like what what do we really have
to fear fear if they're Yeah. working
with the same technology that we have.
&gt;&gt; You know, it's, you know, it's a bit
like it's a bit like the nuclear weapon
situation, right? Where it's mutually
assured destruction. We both have the
same weapons we can destroy each other
with.
&gt;&gt; That's also true of other technologies,
including AI. I don't have strong
opinions on any of this. I think it's
beyond my ability to
compute the 40 chess game that this all
is, right? That's the thing I think
about this when I go. I just don't have
the faculties to think this down down
downstream.
I think Jensen obviously has a very good
selfish reason for making that statement
because he wants to sell more of what he
builds. Um although the ironic thing is
soon he won't have enough to sell.
&gt;&gt; Uh the demand curve that I showed that's
his chip that's his chips.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. so he can start opening up new
markets. I really don't think he needs
to. Um
he just needs to focus on
I mean they are well focused on compute
density I think is their the number one
thing that you know yeah I mean I just
can't calculate that downstream because
you could you can make the argument that
China in parallel could be developing
its own technology. Why would it sit
statically and not
uh also take a dual path, right? Why
would it why would it say, "Oh, yeah, we
can purchase these chips, you know, so
sorry." A good way of saying it is they
aren't necessarily as lazy as as
Americans in this regard.
&gt;&gt; True.
&gt;&gt; You know, I mean, generally speaking,
I'm using lazy in a different kind of
way here. I mean that they're very
aggressive in in pursuing
a long-term policy and they don't have
the political incumbrances to stop them
from from from doing that. So they can
easily,
you know, in the United States it' be an
easy way of calculating that. Say, well,
if we're going to do this, we don't need
to do that because there might be taxes
involved or there's some kind of, you
know, resource. In China, they don't I
don't think they think that way. um and
they don't think about the next election
problem and that type of stuff. So, so I
could say that Jensen's argument makes
sense in a vacuum or in a you know, but
it may not make sense in terms of the
reality of what they may be doing uh
over there. Uh how about this then as a
as a change of topic and a right-hand
turn? How likely is it do you think that
Nvidia becomes an investor in terapab
partner in Terapab?
&gt;&gt; Wow, that's a good one. Um, I was
thinking about this the other day and I
mean first off I think Nvidia's invested
in everything there is to invest in.
&gt;&gt; Well, the one thing they haven't
invested yet is is Terap.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, and and Jensen and Elon spent
some time on on an airplane recently
together.
&gt;&gt; They did. But, you know, the thing
that's really interesting is why don't
we run it out from Elon's perspective,
you know? I mean, like today we saw
today, as in the last couple weeks, we
saw Elon being much more aggressive in
the deal making camp. You know, he's got
uh maybe I don't need to do it all on my
own. I'll go do this kind of uh soft buy
by option for cursor. Uh oh. Uh,
anthropic needs compute. I've got some
compute. Um,
here, take the compute, you know. Um,
so if you if you if you take
vertical insular Elon
and you try to run that one up the flag
pole,
you you get the uh sort of yeah, thanks
Jensen, but no thanks. You know, because
ultimately what are you doing? You're
building you're building inference chips
and you're building those chips that
will ultimately see I think I think one
one thing that needs to be said here is
that when we're talking about Elon
building
a space orbital data center
we're talking about building a compute
fabric that is for inference and it is
and really what we're talking about is
yes SpaceX is becoming
Amazon Web Services. It is becoming
Microsoft. It is becoming that is what
it is. It is not. I think people think I
think when when when when
you go back to the March announcement
for Terraab,
you would conclude at the conclusion of
that that
readily conclude, in other words, kind
of like how it was postured is that the
chips he wants to produce here are for
essentially for Optimus and FSD and that
that's, you know, and maybe some on the
training side, blah blah blah. Uh, and
if you read deeply into the Space X
thing, you might start going, well, wait
a minute. If 80% of these ships are
going towards orbital data centers,
who's the compute? Who's using the
compute?
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Well, the truth of the matter is what
what Elon's grand plan here, if he
succeeds, is that he becomes the entire
bottleneck for compute in all of AI. he
becomes the only
&gt;&gt; is that the right word it's not
bottleneck right it's I mean that is one
of the attributes of it but he
&gt;&gt; gatekeeper perhaps
&gt;&gt; gatekeeper
uh yeah because like if you look at the
rest of compute across all the data
centers of earth compared to a a terra a
terra fab's worth of chips hosted in
space what's on earth looks like a
rounding error as we said
&gt;&gt; so now space is the in ultim inference
center and for whose inference for
everybody's inference everybody
anthropic uh pro probably not open AI
but but you know for everybody for
everybody and
so you got to ask yourself this question
um
why would Elon want it may want some of
Jensen's money
um from a if you took if you said uh
Nvidia is an investor without anything
more than a dollar relationship to the
to the outcome here. Then maybe that's
just a way of what I'm saying is if you
structured a deal that it's just dollars
in as an investment, that's probably how
Elon would take his money. I don't think
he would make too many business promises
because at the end of the day,
um, is he gonna wanna is Elon gonna want
to host Nvidia chips and
uh, no, probably not. I mean what what
the more realistic reality is that
SpaceX would use its railroad business
to satisfy
Nvidia's you know like if if Nvidia
wants to build its own
compute cloud the analog the you know
the the Amazon to Microsoft version
whatever um then Okay, it's pretty much
got to do a deal with SpaceX to put that
stuff in orbit.
And so it's Nvidia chips, Nvidia
satellites, Nvidia this, Nvidia that.
You know, if you're Jensen, I'd say,
"Yeah, I would invest in Terrafab." And
I would try to push Elon and say, "But I
want you to build our chips, too."
Because if he's looking at my chart,
he realizes he can't get enough chips to
satisfy his company's demand.
So Jensen's point of view is, hey Elon,
once you figure out how to do this
terapab, can you make one for me so that
you can produce, you know, a terowatt
worth of Nvidia Vera chips or whatever
the next gen would be or whatever so
forth.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think Jensen could say we'll
help help you fund the first one if if
you make us the second one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But if I
&gt;&gt; if that helps Elon accelerate then then
yeah, why not? Well, if I was Elon, it
all comes down to I mean, what what what
what is the one thing we know about
Terra Fab? Beyond everything else,
beyond beyond how big it is, how hard it
is, it's how much capital it requires to
make it happen. That's right. You know,
and we already saw numbers in the 50
to$100 billion range being being talked
about as SpaceX investments and people
on the Tesla side thinking, "Oh, did we
just get left out?" And you know, all
this kind of dynamic. So, um, so Elon
needs a lot of money. Now, from Elon's
point of view, how good is he at raising
money? Well,
&gt;&gt; he's pretty he's pretty good at that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And he's about to raise another fton of
money in this coming IPO, assuming that
Starship doesn't blow up tomorrow.
So,
um, yeah, but you know, but then that
looks like a rounding error, too. You
know, if you kind of consider I mean,
what what's what's SpaceX going to
raise? $75 billion in the IPO, give or
take.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe a hundred. I mean, what
Yeah, I guess it depends on the opening
whatever the whatever the go out opening
price that they agree on because I I
don't think that they're just readily
changing
the the the the shares for sale. Is
there a certain name for that? It's
beyond the word float, right? It's the
it's the allotment, the IPO a lotment.
&gt;&gt; The IPO a lotment. So So there's a
certain aotment that is probably fixed
at this moment, right? And it's just a
matter of what the price is. And the
price is a demand based thing that
happens up until the moment that they
open. They can adjust, I think, the
number of shares. And sometimes they do
that. If there's huge demand, then
they'll sell more
&gt;&gt; and so there's an over aotment that that
then they can raise more capital
&gt;&gt; and that helps keep a lid a little bit
on the on the price.
&gt;&gt; But I think materially the S1 is already
has the base and the and the
&gt;&gt; probably we'll see that soon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. because the SpaceX shareholders
today, the private shareholders had to
essentially agree to
um these ranges, right?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's it's Elon agreeing with
himself, but yes,
well, okay, that that's true, you know.
Okay. Yeah. Okay. You're making things
complicated or you're making
&gt;&gt; looking in the mirror and he's saying,
"Okay,
what do I want to do today?"
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I mean I you know I look I'm
not I'm not a finance guy. So uh all I
know is what's what's funny here's
what's hilarious about this entire
conversation.
&gt;&gt; We've never heard of any company raising
$75 billion in an IPO. Right.
&gt;&gt; And yet when we think about that money
sitting in a bank account so to speak,
we think about well that's well spent.
that that got that already got spent on
terapab you know I mean not literally
laid out the door but the the terraab
itself easily beyond soaks that up so so
I don't know the answer to your your
general question about if if I were
Jensen I'd want that deal if I were Musk
I would determine what the cost of
capital is and that's probably how and I
would probably stop the deal right
around there I' I'd say yeah you can
invest but I'm not building your chip
for a while.
Let's look at it from another angle. So
now you're Google and we've heard this
week that Google wants to, you know, use
SpaceX and Starship to launch their
orbital data centers.
Uh, and I think Elon would oblige.
What does the nature of that deal look
like? Do you think we could see a deal
where Google says, you know, we want
a,000 launches. We've we've agreed to be
the first commercial customer and we're
going to antie up the money for a
thousand launches.
Is that something that's in the cards?
I'm just picking a random number. Maybe
it's only 100 launches, but some big
number. What's this stuff is getting
crazy and interesting. I mean, first
off, I mean, the only real viable
railroad to space is SpaceX Industries,
right? It is. It is the one operational
railroad. That is it.
&gt;&gt; It's the only one.
&gt;&gt; It is the only one. and no one else has
built it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Everybody else has Everybody else
talking about this is in fantasy land if
we're being honest. So from that
perspective, Musk controls the spice,
you know. Um
so all paths go through SpaceX to get
into orbit at scale. I mean onesies and
twzies is fine. Who cares about that?
That that is definitely not what Amazon
wants to do. I guess maybe the Delta CEO
thinks that's good enough for Amazon.
Who the hell knows? But yeah, I mean if
if if you're Google, I think you know
what you should be saying is
I really like the Starship thing. Can I
build a launch facility?
In other words, if if you're going to
invest the the the limiting factor for
Starship, look look, will Starship
achieve reusability? Yes, of course it
will probably achieve achieve
reusability. Certainly, I think booster
were close. I mean, obviously we're
doing a B3 or he's doing a V3 tomorrow,
so it like it's a new game, but it's not
completely new thing. Um, it's new, but
not new, I guess. Um, so I think he
achieves reusability
on booster in the next four to six
launches on Starship, 6 to 12 launches.
I'm not putting timelines on it. I'm
just giving you kind of basic numbers.
So once he gets that platform
uh
once he gets that platform essentially
built then the limiting factor becomes
how many of those things can you build
and how many launch sites do you have.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. So, it seems to me that Google's
problem, if they want to be a big
customer, is they've got to essentially
agree, maybe they'll agree to operate
Google launch facility number six and
buy up, you know, some more Louisiana
space coast or something. I don't I
don't know. But I'm thinking that's the
problem because well, they can buy the
land, but what are they going to put on
it? They don't have the knowhow to to
build it.
&gt;&gt; No, no. saying all they're doing is
they're basically buying. They're just
going to SpaceX and saying, "Build me.
Build me one."
&gt;&gt; Though, if I'm SpaceX, I'll say, "No,
we're we're going to build it for
ourselves. We own it and operate it, but
we'll charge you the market price to
launch your satellites."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, I'm just
saying from Google's perspective, let's
back up to this point. I think Google
would be willing to put in a large
amount of money. Uh, never mind. They
own they own about 7% of space.
&gt;&gt; All right. So the money just recycles
back to them. If it increases SpaceX's
value on an announcement of a thousand
launch contract,
&gt;&gt; it's a hilarious issue, you know. Yeah.
I mean, if if no one
&gt;&gt; if if someone didn't understand that
Google already owns Is it 7%? I think 7%
&gt;&gt; 7%. Yeah. We'll we'll see exactly in in
the S1 what it is now, but um may have
changed a little bit with the whole XAI
purchase.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So Google took I mean Elon took
their money when he needed it and uh
yeah and that was a great investment on
their part. But if I'm Google, okay, if
I'm if I'm the CEO of Google, I have
aspirations to, you know, to to do this.
I want to be a major player in AI.
Obviously, orbital data centers are a
necessity. So now I'm I'm kind of in a
weak spot.
&gt;&gt; I own shares in a company that's the
leading company as far as the railroad
space.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you're saying
&gt;&gt; I I go to them and I say, "Hey, I want
to be your first customer and I'm
willing to pay you X for that and it's
some big number
&gt;&gt; and I want to be a customer
&gt;&gt; because you want to lock out
&gt;&gt; Open AAI and Microsoft. You want to lock
out Amazon. You want to lock out whoever
your other competitors are."
&gt;&gt; That's what I would do.
&gt;&gt; But then if I'm the competition, I'm
going to Elon and saying, "Hey,
you know,
do a deal with me." like he's in this
kingmaker position, right? And he's
fair. We charge people a fair price.
&gt;&gt; Here's what you're really saying. Uh if
you want to summarize, SpaceX is worth a
lot of money.
&gt;&gt; I look look um
what is Elon doing here? He is owning
the spice. You know, if you go to the
Dune fantasy here, science fiction play,
he's owning the spice. And we can
dimensionally define the spice in
different ways. He wants to build the
chip supply. You can call that spice
one.
He owns the transportation network for
the spice. That's the railroad into the
into, you know, into orbit. Uh he owns
the operational element of that. If he
operates his own data center, he
controls the spice
&gt;&gt; communication layer.
&gt;&gt; He owns the comm layer. He owns the
spice. and and so everybody wanting to
so so so so
to your point I think what you're trying
to say what you are saying it at the
biggest picture is that everybody's
going to want a piece of that and so
when people start thinking I don't get
this this is what I think the the the I
don't get it you know Starlink has got
$15 million worth of $15 billion worth
of revenue and oh I don't know how fast
it's growing of course according to the
Verizon CEO It's almost done growing.
Funny how he said that. Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, here's a here's here's a
here's a subscription service is
probably growing faster than any other
subscription service ever offered on
planet Earth.
And I know they fear it because it's
true, right? I mean, it's, you know,
it's reminds me of what Bob Lutz said
about Tesla all those years ago that he
knew was false,
right? uh how Tesla wasn't going to
survive.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; He knew he knew it was false. I think
the Verizon CEO seen the writing on the
wall for his company
&gt;&gt; and he started trying to get a little
bit of FUD out there before the IPO. He
knows.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. These are these are either
incredibly stupid people or or or
assuming that people who listen to them
are incredibly stupid people and and the
former is not true. So I guess they're
just yeah throwing throwing the fud
blanket out there and saying hey we are
Verizon we operate this we do that and
therefore we can throw some shade on
Starlink in various ways. Oh, it serves
rural markets. It has, you know, we
build we build in these dense urban
environments where it's like So, what
you know what you told me is that
there's plenty of room for Starlink to
grow because it just starts to grow
closer and closer to the urban centers
where you have your customers and it
starts to pull off your customers. So,
good luck with that idea. But,
&gt;&gt; but anyway, uh yeah, he he's well aware.
Um yeah. So I mean like by by
controlling this by controlling the
kilograms to space business which he
effectively will do with Starship. I
mean it's of the dimension that nobody
can compete. Nobody can compete. It
doesn't matter. You know if you're if
you're Bezos, you build a reusable
rocket. Great. Knock yourself out. Guess
what? Each launch is not too much bigger
rounding error than what a Falcon can
move to space. Right. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Whereas Starship is massively bigger
payloads.
Um
so yeah, I mean so Elon controls that
railroad and um you get to pay as the
passenger and therefore if you think
SpaceX going out at 2 trillion and
closing at the end of the day at 3
trillion is is expensive. Well, I have
news for you. Probably the future will
make that look like a pretty small
number. You know, I mean, not all things
will go as planned, but what's
interesting is if we just step back and
we say Elon is putting the pegs in the
ground for this tent. You know, he is
on one hand, he's doing terra fab
over here. He understands how to build
satellites at scale. I mean,
&gt;&gt; let's back up a second and realize what
that means. There is no company. If you
want to build an orbital data center and
you think you're going to build a big
one, you need to build a lot of
satellites.
And if you're Google,
who are you going to call up that knows
how to produce satellites? And I'm not
saying there are people who build
satellites, but there is no mass
manufacturer of satellites other than
SpaceX today. So, he's got that peg in
the ground. He's got that stake in the
ground. like I am the only company that
knows how to build and now he's
vertically integrating that by going off
and saying well I'll build all the
formative materials that go into those
satellites like the solar panels I'll
bring the chips into those things so now
I'm going to create this inference
object that I can launch into space I
have the launch mechanism so I own all
this stuff or I or I'm putting at least
the pegs in the ground to own all this
stuff and everybody else that's playing
to me feels like um they're playing with
words or small ball. It's like nobody's
doing things that like nobody's playing
the chip game like Terraab. Everybody,
you know, a half a year ago, people when
Elon first mentioned, I think it was at
the September shareholders meeting, he
mentioned that he would do this. I think
you and I went nodded our heads. I think
Wall Street guys are like, "That's a
joke. that's just him, you know, playing
a stock Ponzi scheme of the future type
of thing or some. And I'm like, no, no,
no. In fact, I think it was around that
time that I was writing the post. It's
like, you better get on it.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; You know, because time is marching and
demand is picking up. And um I was
actually a little shocked that that Elon
got started so so late in the game to be
fair,
&gt;&gt; right? He's been busy. I think to be
fair, you know, to put human shoes on
him for a minute, he probably thought
building a fab is a really hard
thing to do. What idiot would do that?
I'm not about to do that. And then he
thought, hm,
&gt;&gt; I better do that. You know,
&gt;&gt; it was also around the time he's having
conversations with Samsung and TSMC and,
&gt;&gt; you know, pleading with them to to
expand CEX.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And they're like
&gt;&gt; and realizing those conversations
weren't going where he needed them to
go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, and and by the way, I
think those conversations were now in a
narrow focus on on frankly Optimus
requirements.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Optimus chip requirements alone.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And and so yeah, he's probably saying,
"Hey, Samsung, you know, out in Taylor,
Texas, how big is that fab?" And they're
like, "Oh, it's this big." And well,
that ain't that's not big enough. That
works out for half a year of my my, you
know, half a year of my first three
years of my plan for Optimus, but beyond
that, I don't have enough.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, like I said, to put human
shoes on him, I think he got it got
dragged into it by math alone.
Um, I don't think he I don't think he's
taking a um,
you know, the the critics would have you
believe that he's taking this kind of
whimsical attitude towards, oh, I'll
just build a fab. Everybody, you know,
who cares? It's just, no, I don't think
that's how he's thinking about. I think
he's like, I'm about to step into
something that's really effing hard and
uh, it's too bad I got to do it.
&gt;&gt; It's going to be interesting. I was, by
the way, out at Taylor, Texas last
night. I drove past the uh the se the
Samsung semiconductor tab. They have a
lot of extra space. It's not unlike Giga
Texas in that regard. There's a lot of
extra land there. So, there's plenty of
&gt;&gt; at least from a land perspective, room
to expand.
Uh I don't know whether the other
infrastructure would support that much
or not. Uh, and by the way, just to go
back to, uh, Bob Lots, um, in 2018,
he said he famously stated Tesla was a
losing enterprise and doomed to fail due
to cash burn, manufacturing
inefficiencies, and legal struggles. He
argued Tesla had no technological or
battery advantage over legacy
automakers. He predicted Tesla would
never turn a profit on the Model 3 due
to excessively high production costs and
poor Fremont battery output. Well, that
was true until Elvon slept on the
production line.
&gt;&gt; That was that was a true statement when
he was looking forward into it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Um so anyway, and it says in
the early 2000s he lots admitted he was
wrong about Tesla's collapse as a
company. Um but anyway, he he was
definitely a FUD machine in those early
days.
&gt;&gt; Reminds me of remember Steve Bomber
talking about iPhone. M iPhone would at
best grab I think he said 3% of market
share. I Steve Bomber would much rather
Steve Bomber than CEO of Microsoft.
Um I'd much rather sell software to
hardware, you know, in other words, the
model that they chose.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
uh then try to build this expensive
device and hope for
small number of unit sales like oh it's
going to be you know like I think he
agreed it'd be a pretty good device but
you know he calculated quite
incorrectly. You know what's ironic
about that though is that Steve Balmer
is the richest
um Microsoft person by far now.
&gt;&gt; He's the one guy that didn't sell his
Microsoft stock.
&gt;&gt; Yep. So he wasn't he was pretty smart
after all.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And by the way, I'm not by no
measure do I call these people stupid.
They're not stupid people. But
&gt;&gt; but sometimes they just have this sort
of myopic lens of they see business
models in the ways that
you know I think if you come to work
every single day and the business model
looks the same. Oh, we sell software
onto hardware. You know, we don't care
if it's Dell or Gateway or IBM
ThinkPads. We just sell we sell a $100
unit that's basically 99% margin in our
favor and we'll keep doing that till the
cows come home. Let's just replicate
that for the cell phone business. You
don't see it as a, you know, whereas
Apple always took that effect that
always like the way you want to build
great software, you better build great
hardware. Or you can just flip it around
and say if you want to build great
hardware, you got to build your own
software too. So you got to build this
integrated device with your own software
and hardware to really meet the customer
head on, especially when you approach a
much more consumer oriented product. And
that's where his calculation was was
wrong. But but he came to work every day
knowing that they were printing money
over there at Microsoft. So why not keep
printing the money the same way? And in
a weird way, if you think about it, I
mean, he he would start the
cannibalization of his own business at
that moment, too. He would start to say,
"Oh, wait a minute. There's a different
way to do this." Um, and and we might be
successful. I mean, if you if you attack
it hard, great. But, you know, and I
think he was just sort of um yeah,
whatever. It's an age-old story. I mean,
look at look at
Verizon. they've had plenty of time to
dynamically expand
their network and do broadband and
better in different ways. And you know,
the the reality of their business is
they think they're
they think they're all locked up with
this beautiful, you know, if you're
talking about terrestrial, they're I'm
sorry, talking about general internet
access, not mobile.
&gt;&gt; They think they're all locked up on
their fiber buys and and planting of
that stuff. But the reality is that
imagine that you have a network that
just goes over your head and I mean
literally as well and all of a sudden,
you know, you can you the customer can
buy into
um a different technology
that you know gives you something that's
equal uh without without the wire. Well,
then all of a sudden all that capital
investment starts to look kind of like,
well, great. I guess you got to and now
you're stuck because you're like from a
business model perspective, you're like,
well, I don't know what to do about
that. I put all this money into that
investment.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's not like the telecoms haven't
experienced that before with the whole
growth of the wireless industry.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; they they've been through some of this
before.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, no. Exactly. Exa Exactly. Uh,
crazy because in a way it's funny what
you just said actually because it's like
you should have seen wireless coming but
they did and they got on it. They got on
terrestrial wireless but they didn't
they didn't really get on satellite
wireless, you know, the next next
generation wireless.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they they missed they missed the
they missed the boat on that one.
&gt;&gt; Well, and it's a bit like Intel was
successful in transitioning to the CPU
market and then missed the whole mobile
market and then missed the whole GPU
opportunity.
and has been thrown a lifeline and now
is quite relevant again.
&gt;&gt; That's a super interesting problem.
That's essentially the CISK versus risk
debate. You know, in the
uh that's they built, you know, the 386
was effectively known as a complex
instruction set computer.
Um
and uh along came ARM.
And and by the way, it wasn't just ARM
because you know there a lot of
riskbased processors
around that time MIPS and Spark and you
know in other words things that weren't
just destined for mobile computing
right but then this risk processor I
mean then effectively ARM built this
processor that's like whoa wait you got
you got a lot of compute at low power
and mobile devices are
exploding and Intel sitting there on
their thumbs going, "Well, wait a
minute. We want to do bigger, bigger,
heavier weight silicon and we don't want
to
risk
putting ourselves out of business."
Couldn't wait to say that pun by the
way. Um that that's a that's a super
interesting one, you know, and then
&gt;&gt; and then all of a sudden u they were
kind of left holding the bag, you know,
and I mean look at look at mobile
processors. There's no mobile processor
that's an Intel processor,
right? It's I mean, everybody's
licensed the ARM core, you know, from
ARM and Snapdragon and uh you know,
Apple Apple like Apple Silicon is ARM
based, right? Y
&gt;&gt; and then and then you know you go into
an Apple store today and you pick up one
of these MacBook
Neos
and it's got a a modern a what is I
don't know what the name of the chip is
a whatever it's the same chip I think is
on the iPhone 17 Pro is the same chip
that's in their current new laptop.
So it Wow. Hello. You know,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And the the motherboard on that thing is
about the size of the cell phone
motherboard.
&gt;&gt; Amazing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And and it's interesting just back to
Intel real quick. It's you know, I
thought only the Paranoid survived. This
is the the company where that phrase
came from. And yet,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; they forgot it.
&gt;&gt; I believe that Andy Grove and who's the
other guy? Bob
&gt;&gt; Gordon Moore.
&gt;&gt; Gordon Moore. Didn't they used to have
this idea that they would walk into a
conference room and pretend that they're
essentially like competing with
themselves and re-evaluate the
situation? Like in other words, there's
this company called Intel and we walk
into a room and we analyze it as if
they're the competition even though you
know and and try to look at the problem
that way, which is sort of what you're
saying. And
you know what's interesting though? Look
at people like Elon. Elon
Elon doesn't carry that that baggage.
He's not that kind of person. He's
willing to sacrifice, you know, certain
children for other for other children.
Right. I don't
&gt;&gt; even now with SNX being taken down to
make
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. You know, or the fact
that,
you know, he's bringing us along to a
new Tesla and some of us are following
dutifully and understand it and there's
a lot of people in the Tesla community
are like, wait a minute, Tesla's a car
company.
Why isn't there a Model 2 out there? Why
isn't there a a a minivan? Why isn't
there a this? Why isn't there a that?
They could make billions
um if they could just make more of these
things called cars with steering wheels
and driving controls.
&gt;&gt; And Elon's like, "Yeah, that's a good
business, but it's not the business that
Tesla's going to be in in the future." I
mean, Elon kind of says it out loud, but
I think he's also
kind of threads the needle a bit there,
too. Like, he kind of says, "Oh, you
know, there's new model and then puts
these promises and and then, you know,
all of a sudden he's he's over here.
He's already moved beyond." You know,
he's thinking he's probably thinking in
two years from now, I'm not building a
Model Y or a Model 3. And half the
people that heard me just say that are
like, "What are you kidding? Those are
the bestselling. I mean, if you could
put a million cyber cabs into business,
what do you need to do a 100,000 Model Y
for?
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; You know, and that's that was the SNX
problem right there. You know, I got
better things to do with that that
manufacturing space, which I'm
desperately in need of for Optimus in
respect to the fact that they are they
are in fact great cars. Yes, they are.
But, you know, once in a while, you got
to you got to look at your own
businesses as if
Yeah.
So, let's go back for a minute, Phil,
and talk about sort of what we touched
on. Um, this was a post that I wrote
recently, your AI agent called that
wants more memory.
And this notion that I thought that
there's a little video by uh by codeu
recently
um and these are some of the screenshots
from this but if you think about how AI
agents uh operate right like if you use
if you use a chatbot today right you are
you know as they say here it treats
every user as a stranger and some of
them now have a bit of memory in terms
of some of your past exchanges but it's
reactive to the prompts and so you move
to this AI agent world. It's got a
longerterm memory. It's going to
remember everything and ultimately it's
going to run 24/7
and it's going to be proactive. Well,
think about then what the memory needs
are of such a system.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. It's it's it's, you know,
&gt;&gt; quite literally insane.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. Quite literally insane. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Quite literally insane. And then of
course you look at it too and it's it's
not just, you know, one singular type of
memory. It's long-term memory. It's
short-term memory and it's kind of life
context. And so there's different types
of memories that are involved with these
with these different, you know, the
inference memory pyramid they refer to
it as here, right? Um so, you know, the
analogy is the life context is kind of
your brain operating in real time.
Short-term memory is more of a notebook
and then long-term memory is more of a
filing cabinet. you need you need all
that memory
&gt;&gt; for the AI agent to access
um and and over time you know you think
about the file cabinet's going to be
storing a lot of stuff
so the the memory demand here is just is
just magnified and so this is this chart
here in terms of uh this is annual
global DRM demand per internet user in
gigabytes and you can see you know you
go from the PC in 2005 on the far left
the mobile wave, tablets, cloud and you
know it's going up and 5G phones take
another step up and then you get to AI
agents here we are in 2026
and when you look at then the what AI
agents need in terms of the amount of
memory you see this hockey stick all of
a sudden
&gt;&gt; yeah yeah
&gt;&gt; right it's not it's not difficult to
predict this if if you understand how AI
agents work and what what we want them
to do for us
um and So, you know, and and we're
seeing it too in terms of the DRM
allocation per GPU. This is for Nvidia.
Um, you know, from 2022 through their
road map in 2028 is a 10x increase,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And of course, it's not stopping in 28.
It's going to continue 29, 30, and
beyond.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; yes.
&gt;&gt; And it's not and it's not a straight
line. Even though they're showing this
is there's a straight line here, it's
not a straight line, right? You can see
it curving up here. So let's talk a
little bit about the implications of
this because this is both an issue from
the the supply side
and these memory chip makers who are
famously cyclical now may be much more
you know secular in nature.
&gt;&gt; Well certainly entering a new form of a
cyclical cycle that is massively bigger
than their last one. Uh it's just that
we've just begun the cyclicality of that
cycle and it may not end for
&gt;&gt; right you know
&gt;&gt; 15 years. Look here's the thing about
this. I mean and and it should be
obvious to anyone that's thinking this
through is that what is a GPU? What's
going on here right?
A GPU is a parallel processing unit.
Effectively I can write the same code
and run it on a CPU. I can write a
matrix math multiply matrix multiply
operation in a little piece of C code
and run it on a CPU for a matrix that's
you know 100 by 100 by one by 100
and I can say yep I know how that works
pretty simple linear algebra right yet
the problem is that uh AI demands
you know such a large count of those
when it runs through. You know what
we've learned is the bigger our models
for the most part we've learned that the
brain is bigger when the model is
bigger.
&gt;&gt; Right? And a model is a set of
parameters, weights and biases. Those
are numbers. Okay? And when I run data
from what I'll call the left to the
right of the model, in other words, from
my input to my output, I have to do a
lot of computation through that thing.
And what I want to do is I want to do
all that computation in parallel. So
this we are in the age of what is
effectively known as accelerated
computing. And accelerated computing is
just about how do we
do
a given matrix multiply uh operation
with parallelism and how do we do a a
stack of them with parallelism and I
mean that's not the only math but that's
the big fat piece of math and uh and
it's simple math by the way um and the
and the way we way we do that is we say
well we can we can we can do this in
parallel. Now once we once we say that
word we can do in parallel. It means
that we are shifting we have to hold
more data in memory
&gt;&gt; to run it in parallel because now you
know instead of just loading one matrix
two matrices in a small amount of RAM on
a CPU because hey the CPU can't do two
of them at the same time or or you know
um a single core CPU can't do two of
them at the same time then I don't have
this big memory demand because guess
what I can't actually solve the problem
that way because their process glacier
rate compared to a modern AI but so yeah
so basically what's happened here is
with
bigger and bigger models that require
more and more compute and that fact that
compute is in fact
parallelism effectively by definition
then I demand more and more memory and
then of course the more of that compute
I demand to do the more memory I need
for all the processors that I'm lining
up to do
So it's it in a way a good way of
thinking is it just follows in kind. It
just sort of stepwise follows in kind. I
mean you could you could make the same
um argument for electrons. You you could
say well if I suddenly can do this many
operations in parallel then I
effectively you know boom going to need
more power to run this thing. So these
chips consume more. So it's it's just
think of it as just a it's sort of just
memory is just a resource now that's in
high demand because of the ability of
the chip to do multiple things at once.
And uh
yeah at at at the simplest level that's
all it is. Now what's what's funny about
it too is that you know
one of the reasons that parallel
processors
are
parallel processing is important is when
okay the last part of the statement is
when you start thinking about these GPUs
and you think hey I get it they can do
all these math operations in parallel.
Yeah, but guess what? We always think
about the compute as being the core
focus of what the chip is doing, right?
But the reality is most of it is waiting
on moving data.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And that is moving it through a memory
pipeline. Y
&gt;&gt; from that that memory might start in
some static form meaning you know
literally SSD style meaning sitting on
disk and then it's got to move into some
physical RAM that sits outside the core
of the processor and then it's got to
move on a data highway into that core
and into other forms of memory the
closer cachebased memory to the
processor so that it can effectively
line up and get ready to be processed on
one of the cores. of these little GPUs.
So yeah, the architecture requires just
an enormous amount of memory and that
memory
you want it to be you want the the
memory highway to be as fast as possible
because if the chip you know effectively
these chips are so computationally
dense and capable that most the time
they're waiting on data. you know, we
don't see that, but that's what's
happening. So, the faster we can move
data to them to the core of the math
unit, the faster we can get the outcome,
which is the whole point of the thing,
right? So, and anyway, it's a it's a
long way winded way of saying that
memory is intrinsically important and
fast memory is
equally or also intrinsically important
to getting these chips to do their job
at the at the capability that they're
you know at their capability at their
you know their limit capability is
they're they're limited by they're
mostly limited by by waiting on data.
All that to say that AI is a memory
hungry hippo. Is that what you meant to
say?
&gt;&gt; That is exactly what I'm saying. Because
because the difference between
uh in in this case, the reason we use a
hippo is it has a big mouth.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But maybe maybe the right animal
would be one that you could find with
thousands and thousands and thousands of
small
mouths that are all just because that's
what the GPU is doing, right? It's like
um it's like a multi-headed hippo
&gt;&gt; trying to demand as much,
&gt;&gt; you know, as much food as possible in
parallel. And then um I don't know how
accurate this is, but you know how much
memory does AI actually need? And so
according to Google Gemini here, so you
might have an AI model itself that might
have 400 billion weights and that might
take up 800 gigabytes of memory.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Which is equivalent according to Gemini
of about 200 highde movies.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And that's the model.
&gt;&gt; And then you move to the inference side,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Sorry. Go ahead.
&gt;&gt; No. And and the important the important
part about this is that
um the reason that you have you have
this issue about like you want to do all
this parallel processing and therefore
you so so what you need to do is you
have these these models need to be
effectively
resonant in memory, right? Like like
imagine a scenario where you wanted to
process an image
and you could do it in bits pieces and
it was a really big image or maybe it's
just a movie you know and maybe it's a
movie of frames. It's not compressed in
some particular way. Maybe what we're
doing is compressing it. Who knows? But
we're processing it in some particular
way. The the reality of that is that
in any kind of
single pipeline system where you only
have like one pipe through, you only
have to or you would organize the
problem in such a way that you would
load a little piece off of your memory
stick, your memory SSD, your, you know,
your fixed memory.
You load it into running memory,
operational remedy. That's the memory
we're talking about in this thing. And
then you would do the math on it, output
a result, throw it to storage, and you
would rinse, wash, repeat this process
through this kind of narrow pipe, you
know, pipeline, processing pipeline, if
you will.
&gt;&gt; What we're talking about here is we're
saying, well, wait a minute. You can't
quite do it that way. You got to have
except for like these models that are
like these big multi- headed models,
mixture of expert models where you can
choose pieces of the model at at a time
when you're using them. These models
have got to come into memory to be
useful and then so so from
from a from a total memory requirement,
you just have something for I don't want
to say the first time. It's not the
right way of thinking about it, but it
just requires a very very large piece of
physical memory to get a very very large
model to be in memory at the time that
it's going to be used.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Um and so that's what makes the problem
so
memory dense.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then just to finish on here,
you know, on an inference uh per
conversation memory, you might be
looking at 50 to 200 gigabytes on a
single conversation.
So compare that again to the amount of
memory for the model itself.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Which you start to look at this and you
realize how big inference is going to
be,
&gt;&gt; right? And you have, you know, thousands
or millions of users, you're looking at
tens of thousands of gigabytes,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Uh tens of terabytes of massive massive
amount of of memory.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh the other thing too, just to touch on
and and neither you or I are experts on
this, but this high bandwidth memory. So
in traditional memory, you know, you've
got to get the memory into the chip and
you're constrained by the size of the
highway. One of the one of the
innovations with high bandwidth memory
is basically building effectively a
skyscraper, a stacked
&gt;&gt; uh way of having memory closer to the
chip so that that that memory can the
chip can access that memory much faster.
&gt;&gt; Well, remember remember you said
something quite important closer to the
chip literally. So
&gt;&gt; what what we're talking about here is
that when you're moving
electron down a piece of copper
wire, you know, it travels at some
percentage of the speed of light
maximum, right? some you know like
silicon I think is you know silicon
which is a think of it as micro thin
copper wires moving electrical energy
electric electrons uh you know I don't
know let's call it at 60 70% of the
speed of light is is is the speed at
which it moves so if you think about you
know if you had a device like this like
an iPhone and you had then the processor
is over here and the RAM is over here
Guess what? You have about 3 in between
the RAM and the processor. Which means
that when you want to move those
electrons,
okay, speed of light's pretty darn fast,
right? But if you're doing computation
at certain gigahertz or Right.
You're waiting on the cars to show up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like the the car left Philadelphia at a
certain period of time.
There may be very wide highway. So you
can move, you can leave a lot of cars, a
lot of cars can leave at the same time.
There is a speed at which they can go.
That is effectively their max speed,
let's call it 100 miles an hour. So if
you said, well, I want to get a lot of
cars between Philadelphia and New York
and I have a I have a 50 lane highway.
Well, if I double the double the length
of highway, I can double the amount of
cars I move in a unit of time, but I
can't change the unit of time. In other
words, that that that latency
between, you know, if you want to move a
car from 100 miles an hour and the
distance between New York and and um
Philadelphia is 100 miles, then it takes
one hour to move a single car. If you
have 200 cars wide, you can move 200
cars in one hour, but you can't move one
car in one second,
&gt;&gt; right?
So,
&gt;&gt; so you've got really what you've got
here is bandwidth and latency the two
kind of you know and we talk about that
in terms of of data moving from you know
to our devices and so forth the two
metrics we often speak of. We have the
same problem here. And what we're
talking about in this denser is can we
produce memory that is more density and
less highway so that we don't have to
travel the highway to get to the core.
And when I say the core, it's like
you're talking about doing say one of
these matrix math operations that
happens at the math core in one of these
chips. It happens in a very discreet
place. I mean not it happens in parallel
across a lot because that's the whole
point of the thing but but the memory is
over here
and the thing is here and it's got to
move those cars it's got to move those
electrons got to move those data signals
so so any way you can reorganize memory
that creates more density that shrinks
the physical space to the compute units
then you wait less time
&gt;&gt; effectively and that's what this is
really all out one way or another.
&gt;&gt; Yep. It's interesting, isn't it? It's uh
completely changed the memory market and
of course there's some new promising
technologies on the way and we'll see,
you know, there's optical memory and
some different things that that
companies are pursuing. So, there'll be
a lot of innovation in this field too.
Um and that's great that that'll help
and that'll help with the issue that you
highlighted in the very beginning about
demand growth versus supply growth.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. any bottleneck that can be
addressed here is going to be you know
is going to be important.
&gt;&gt; Well I mean that's uh by the way that's
why Elon when he speaks of terapab he
talks about the physical processor he
talks about memory and he talks about
packaging
&gt;&gt; packaging
&gt;&gt; you know he doesn't
uh say well terafab because he's looking
at things that would limit its ability
to produce on its own and so he's going
to a fully vertically integrated model
which includes the memory side of it as
well. So that's super super fascinating
and super important. In other words, why
would he go halfway? It wouldn't make
any sense. If he's going to produce one
kind of chip, he has to produce another
kind of chip as well and then, you know,
fully package it for ready to go, load
it up and run it. But but um that's the
point of terab is not to think of it as
like
you know if you take a look at some of
these you know you look at um you look
at like the Arizona fab for Taiwan semi
I think the first generation of that is
you build the build the processors there
and then you send them back to Taiwan
for for packaging.
I mean what
&gt;&gt; you know so so you you you have I mean
okay maybe it's not that big of a deal.
Well it is geopolitically it doesn't
change the equation.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; You know now like okay great you can
produce the chips but you can't package
them. So you're stuck in the limiting
factor is you know whatever China does
with Taiwan. So,
so you know, El Elon has kind of took
taken a holistic view of this which
includes memory and thought of Terrafab
as much a memory producer as it is a um
you know producing the transistors for
the purpose of of compute. It'll be
interesting to see how that evolves um
whether it becomes more focused on one
bottleneck versus another. I guess I
guess it would if that was a major
bottleneck. It would force them to focus
on that one thing.
If high bandwidth memory is massive
shortage, then they're going to have to
solve for that if that's holding
everything else up.
&gt;&gt; I don't know enough about the
architecture of the chips to know what
the memory types that they need to
produce are. It's not my thing. But but
you know, um it's certainly it's
certainly a a discussed topic of
something that he's
&gt;&gt; he's uh
investing in to really go full vertical.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah.
Well, Phil, we're we're approaching the
twoour mark. Is there any anything else
today that you wanted to discuss, but we
didn't?
&gt;&gt; Well, I am excited like a
8-year-old boy for tomorrow's
Starship launch, as I always am for
those launches. I think it'll be
tremendous. Think of the person of Elon
and I think
only the person of Elon would do this
before the IPO,
you know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, he it's it's super interesting
because I was thinking it's I don't
think he he's not looking for glory.
It's not that it's he understands the
risk. He may not know that other people
don't understand the risk. You know what
I mean?
Other people may may find this to be
like like he may be thinking in his mind
if the rocket blows up it's no big deal,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; But everybody on Wall Street might be
going, "Oh my god, there is no company
called SpaceX to the next day." So maybe
he's miscalculated from that
perspective. But we know that the rocket
and the booster are both going to blow
up. It's just a matter of when.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Hopefully right before they touch the
ocean, but it could be sooner. As Elon
says, "I'd like to die on Mars, but not
on impact." I think he has similar
wishes here. He would like booster to
blow up, but only at when it touches the
surface of the ocean.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh same thing for Starship.
&gt;&gt; And there'll be plenty of articles that
will write that these things were a
failure because that mission did that.
They won't even
&gt;&gt; which is which is what is intended.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They won't even understand the
dimensions of the mission. But, you
know, I think I think in Elon's brain is
that one of the things I was thinking
about Elon is that I I often I wrote a
piece on this that it got traction. It
wasn't I'm an article, just a post one
day and I said, you know,
stop
thinking of Elon
as a person whose mind works like your
mind works
&gt;&gt; because it doesn't work that way. And
the the established proof of that is
what he's done already. Right? So when
we think about this, we think, well,
wait, why would he do something like
this? Well, because this is how he
thinks and this is why he's
accelerating. That's why he's got the
potential to have the only railroad to
space and nobody else does. because of
all the times I'm sure that the politics
of the day meaning you know uh could
have been don't launch today because
NASA's about to sign on the dotted line
tomorrow and don't launch today because
um he parallel tracked those things
because
he needs to compress the timeline as
much as possible to get to the goal and
not worry the bead so much about what's
going to happen you know in everybody's
hand ringing it and so forth. And part
of that, you know, I think if you zoom
out, CERN, I think you'd say
he's right at, you know, 100,000 ft,
he's right because look at the companies
he's built uh and the risks that he's
gone through. But if you get down to
maybe 100,000 feet, you might say he
doesn't take full stock of the
situation, you know, like he's not he's
not too
PR savvy for what what's going to get
thrown at him. And I think
uh so what I'm saying in a nutshell is I
wish them the very best and I think uh
you know I want I want it to be
successful because I want to see um the
people you know my first my first order
of business in my mind is I want to see
the engineers have a psychological
success. That's important to me because
that's how I've always that's what I you
know like you put so much.
Someone said, "Oh, why do they delay it
a day?" Because they've got more things
to do and they're not going to sleep
until it's done. So, you know, it's not
like they all went home and had a party.
Uh they're probably working like
literally through the night tonight. Um,
so you know, first the first thing is I
want them to be successful and then I
want it to be successful because I want
to see the SpaceX IPO be,
you know, the SpaceX business and its
IPO to be massive and I think it impacts
Tesla as well. Well, it's interesting
just to draw a further parallel there.
The last Starship launch was October
13th last year.
&gt;&gt; So, it's been a few months. So
&gt;&gt; imagine if SpaceX was already public
last year and now you've got this gap
between the launches,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Imagine what SpaceX stock would have
done sometime in, you know, January or
February.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Um, so it's a lot like, I think, what
Tesla sort of feel right now with with
the quote unquote delay in robo taxi.
And it's a matter of
&gt;&gt; not so much the time frame, but it's a
matter of getting it right. And you can
see with something like Starship the
implications of not getting it right and
cutting corners and rushing things there
there was no there's no reason for that.
And I think that's what also Elon is
trying to communicate with us with robo
taxi. There's no reason to rush it. The
first order bid is getting it right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it doesn't mean
with all your efforts you still will but
you have to give it your best attempt to
get it right. That is the first order
bit and that's important. You know, in
the case of Starship,
there's lots of reasons you don't want
it to blow up. In case of robo taxi,
there's lots of reasons you don't want a
car to crash.
&gt;&gt; Um, I think he's such a
he has such an engineer's mindset here
is that most people most great engineers
that I worked with
never really wanted to ship a product.
You know what I mean? because
&gt;&gt; it was never good enough. Um at the same
time, you know, you have to ship at some
point. You can't um you can't hold back
forever. And there is no,
you know, if things don't go exceedingly
well tomorrow,
the amount of Monday morning
quarterbacking internally
will never end. Because
&gt;&gt; that's one of the that's what I mean by
I want it to be hopeful. I'm hopeful
that it goes right because I want to see
those engineers that worked on it
be able to take aggressive forward steps
into the next set of headaches if you
will or problems that they need to solve
as opposed to just I mean the reason
that we are sitting here from October
well I mean first off they redid the
platform but but that that's what they
did you know I mean they just went they
just went um they went full Elon on it
and decided that he's it's the same
thing I think with the robot
taxi. Starship, Starship and Robo Taxi
have something incredibly
incredible in common. It's that Elon's
building them for scale and the
dimensions of building something for
scale versus a one-off. It's a
completely different engineering problem
and and rollout mindset and everything,
right? So, what you know, I always talk
when I talk on podcasts, I talk to
friends about robo taxi. I'm like, look,
here's the thing. Even if the safety is
there, and I believe it's largely there,
it needs to get past
a fairly possibly large set of
operational issues
because unlike Whimo, which I feel has a
lot of operational issues, Elon's like
looking at the problem using a typical
Elon way of thinking and saying,
"Well, when I scale this math problem,
up to, you know, if I needed a call
center to deal with operational issues
of customers having
poor experiences and I needed a 100
people in a call center for a thousand
cars,
well, how many do I need for a million
cars? And if it's a linear relationship,
then it's destructive to the business.
&gt;&gt; That's right. So what he's saying is I
want to scale from a thousand cars to a
million cars and grow my call center
from 100 to 300 which means in
translation
I need fewer operational issues to tax
my call center.
And that's the same thing that's going
on with Starship. in order to get to the
holy grail of reusability.
Uh to be able to get this thing to move
mass to space at the at the level that
you know Falcon does in its scale out.
He has to have the patience to get
there. So so be it. Let's end it there.
And uh we wish SpaceX a successful
launch. We do. We do. Um, I wish I could
say that we were prepared, but we were
just two bystanders at this point.
Um,
&gt;&gt; with very small helmets,
&gt;&gt; there's a few things that AI has to work
on.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Uh,
but you know, we're we're hopeful.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
All right, sir.
&gt;&gt; It's been great.
&gt;&gt; So, the next time I think
Yeah, we will not run out of topics.
I don't think so. Yep.
&gt;&gt; All right. Next time.
&gt;&gt; Okay.