Source:      electrek
Title:       Tesla erases the past, CAT electrifies the future, and EV tech training TODAY
Author:      Jo Borrás
URL:         https://electrek.co/2026/06/04/tesla-erases-the-past-cat-electrifies-the-future-and-ev-tech-training-today/
Published:   2026-06-05 01:55 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-05 02:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On today’s time-traveling episode of Quick Charge, Tesla might be trying to erase evidence of FSD fraud, Caterpillar keeps trying to electrify the construction space, and time is rapidly running out on what’s left of the 30% home solar tax credit.

While Elon tries to change the past and weasel his way out of a multibillion dollar payout and CAT seems focused on the future, our guest, Tom Pacheco, is here to talk about getting your technicians trained up on high-voltage systems and batteries today. Check out his site, then let us know if you agree with me and Tom: EVs really aren’t that different!

## Source Links

- Tesla retroactively added ‘supervised’ to FSD contracts owners signed years ago

- Tesla deletes its blog post stating all cars have self-driving hardware

- Caterpillar BEPU makes going electric as easy as swapping an engine

- Electric vehicle technician training | ZEV Tech

- You’ve got ONE MONTH to safe harbor your solar project and get 30% off

Prefer listening to your podcasts? Audio-only versions of Quick Charge are now available on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, TuneIn, and our RSS feed for Overcast and other podcast players.

New episodes of Quick Charge are (allegedly) recorded several times per week, most weeks. We’ll be posting bonus audio content from time to time as well, so be sure to follow and subscribe so you don’t miss a minute of Electrek’s high-voltage podcast series.

 
 
 

Got news? Let us know!
Drop us a line at tips@electrek.co. You can also rate us on Apple Podcasts and Spotify, or recommend us in Overcast to help more people discover the show.

If you’re considering going solar, it’s always a good idea to get quotes from a few installers. To make sure you find a trusted, reliable solar installer near you that offers competitive pricing, check out EnergySage, a free service that makes it easy for you to go solar. It has hundreds of pre-vetted solar installers competing for your business, ensuring you get high-quality solutions and save 20-30% compared to going it alone. Plus, it’s free to use, and you won’t get sales calls until you select an installer and share your phone number with them. 

Your personalized solar quotes are easy to compare online and you’ll get access to unbiased Energy Advisors to help you every step of the way. Get started here.