Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tesla Stock CRASHES - What Happens NEXT?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nvOEeFjpIE
Published:   2026-05-15 19:10 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-16 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This is not a great day for Tesla
shareholders, at least if you are also
concerned about short-term returns
today. An absolute bloodbath. Maybe not
absolute. We have seen much worse, but
it definitely breaks our winning streak.
We are not happy today. And Tesla
performs absolutely awful compared to
NASDAQ. NASDAQ is down 1.23%. Tesla's
beta would imply being down 2.5%
but we are down 4.3%. This is insane. So
we experienced a major major drop today
for no good reason. We will get into
that in a second for the week. We
shouldn't forget we had a tremendous
runup. So for the week we are still
positive after all of that. We got
nearly to 450 got rejected very badly on
Monday. fell all the way down below the
point we are now and then ran back up,
tried again, bounced back. And I will
get into that in a second. But before we
go into Tesla stock, let's take a quick
look at NASDAQ to put this into
comparison because we should never
panic. We should not just stare and be a
little artists with our little stock
here. Always zoom out, check the market,
check the NASDAQ, check the Dow Jones,
check the S&amp;P 500. Once you're done with
that, you can orient yourself and say,
"Where are we at with Tesla?" Then take
another step back, view the world, see
what's happening in Iran, see what's
happening in Ukraine, see what's
happening in Europe, and of course, see
what's happening in China.
Then you have Tesla. You zoomed out to
the markets. You have the markets. You
zoom out to the world. And then you take
the final step back into orbit. Watch
civilization and see what happens to AGI
to Starship to the explosion of capex
into artificial general intelligence,
the profit explosion, the job
replacements, and the new age we are
entering into with all its bad and good
things. Then you have the big picture.
So now that we have done that quick jump
to the latest what happening here. Here
is a here is a quick video uh just
reminding us what just happened with
Elon
in Beijing of course making funny faces
meeting other Chinese tech executives
and entrepreneurs taking selfies the
whole world watching Elon and of course
Trump and Xi Jinping. This is I think
the vice something president of China or
something on the left. Uh Elon
whistling, typing on his phone, Tim
Apple here, Yansen Hung there, taking
selfies with Elon. So all of that
happened over the last few days and that
set the stage for the market going up a
lot. Nvidia absolutely killing it. Tesla
also doing very well. Some people said
that this will be a sell the news event
as so many events are. I actually didn't
listen to that person. But maybe that
person was right. Maybe that was a sell
the news event. A sell the news event
means you have something people are
excited about. In this case, the grand
state visit of Trump in China and you
saw all the amazing things that happened
and that is all very very positive for
the market and the world. Very bullish.
I had a video on it and in events like
that sometimes the market goes up.
Everyone is excited. Everyone is
bullish. And when the event happens and
wraps up, everything drops. Why? No
reason. Sell the news, right? It just
means the market has priced it all in
and then boom, there is this afterparty
uh contemplation. What are we even
doing? So, sell the news as often for no
reason. It is just the basic dynamics.
So, that might be the reason why the
NASDAQ is down today, 1.26%. 26%.
It is hard to explain why Tesla is
performing so much worse. It's of course
not great for a Pioneer Alpha today
because I was very exposed. I am still
very exposed and I will get to this in a
second. I made absolutely mega alpha
over the last month. Unbelievable alpha
because I predicted we are going back
straight to 400 and then we are going
back straight to four. Maybe not
straight, but very quickly to 490 is
what I said. And I'm positioning myself
accordingly. And that's that means I
made an enormous killing with Pioneer
Alpha. I can show you the latest here.
Not the latest, but from last week, we
were up 166% over two years and 5
months, but we are up year to date 36%
with an alpha of 41% over Tesla.
um which is pretty impressive. So we
outperformed Tesla stock which is still
down 4.75% for the year. We outperformed
41% just this year with 36% return and
Tesla at 4.75.
The reason for that outperformance was
that I predicted this pretty well. I
predicted the downfall in Q1. So I
positioned myself more cautiously and
then flipped into mega bullish when we
dropped to 360 and that paid off
perfectly. I also made a killing this
week absolute alpha until today and
today was a very bad day. So I think we
will probably finish up the week when we
are doing the alpha analysis over the
weekend probably alpha neutral. I don't
even I can't tell because I performed
extremely well until today and today
extremely badly.
But let's see how it comes out. Maybe
slightly positive or something.
More important, we have to now determine
what is going on right now. Did the
Pioneer Alpha thesis break that we are
going to 490
or is it still intact? This is a very
decisive question for me and for
everyone of you all of you who are
investors in Pioneer Alpha but or for
you who just follow it. This is a very
important question that we have to
answer and very different from many many
other people or from everyone on social
media who's just talking about trading.
I am not one of these people. I actually
invest and trade and I share my thoughts
with you. Which means I can never afford
coping,
pushing narratives, taking sides. Why
can I not afford that? Because it costs
me tremendous amounts of money if I do
that. I only have one job and that is to
be right. That doesn't mean I'm always
right, but it means everything in my
little brain is focused on being right.
There is no space for anything else. Not
when we talk about the merger, not when
we talk about these questions. When I
say we are going straight to 490 or
quickly to 490
and I realize something is wrong, I need
to take it back. But if I think nothing
is wrong, I will stick to my thesis. If
I think I was overly confident but
right, I stick to my thesis but decrease
my level of confidence. If I think the
thesis is still intact, but there's an
important tweak we have to make, I will
do that. So, it's very important to
understand that I will never cope. I
will never apologize or defend anything.
I don't care about any of these things.
I only care about winning because not
winning costs me money. I do not like to
lose money. So, by the way, today all
the stuff I had to realize because
options expiration is all extremely
positive because it was still from last
week, the runup. The 420 puts, 430 puts
are all looking actually good. The 430s
are still making me good money because I
sold them for 10 and I'm cashing or I'm,
you know, cashing them in probably in
when we wrap up here. So, this is all
good. But the ones that I put on this
week for next week, they look very bad.
I need this thing to go back to 440.
Not really to 440. I need this thing to
go back to 435 or I start losing money
on some. I need to this thing to go back
to 430 or I lose money on most. Not a
lot of money, but some. If this thing
drops to 410, I'm not looking good next
week. So, this week was fine. I'm
probably coming out even or slightly
alpha positive. But if I would believe
my thesis is broken and we are going to
back to 400, I would need to take
different actions than than the actions
that I'm taking. Let me explain why.
First of all, if you look at this
greater
movement here, the reason I'm saying 490
is because on the December 16th last
year, we hit this peak. We hit actually
all-time highs 490 effectively
and Tesla was a much weaker company than
now. That's my first argument. So now we
have Cyber Cap launched. We are actually
starting all these things even if
they're delayed. But we are now in the
ramp of Cyber Cap. So that happened. The
sales rebound is pretty significant. We
see that Tesla is actually killing it
and getting very strong globally on the
EV side. We see Terrafap. We see all
kinds of crazy things. And then there's
SpaceX merger of course coming up that
is probably a positive catalyst at least
tactically short-term for the stock. So
all my base thesis that we are going
back to 490 is still completely intact
if the market doesn't tank. Now you
could say oh but Joe the market is
tanking. Are you kidding me? This is not
tanking. Look at what the market did.
This is completely ridiculous. The
market is up 9.44% in a month. The
market. So we are on an absolute tear on
an absolute bull run and a retracement
of 1.3%. Are you kidding me? This is a
complete joke today. So this is more
than normal. And I'm not saying this to
defend anything. I would absolutely
change my mind instantaneously and I
might change my mind next week if
anything further deviates from here. But
for now, this is absolutely in the
green. It's absolutely in the green in
the normal channels of what should
happen in a bull run. a little bit of a
pullback for Tesla. It's more than a
little bit. But here's another thing
with Tesla. Look at Let's go to beta.
Google beta. They have this new thing
here. But because it's Google, they suck
at everything and they can't even show
me the NASDAQ in this beta preview. So
the beta view is great, but has no
NASDAQ. So I have to switch up here. But
when you look at volume today, volume is
40 million.
Okay, average is where's the average
here? 65 million. In other words, today
is a relatively low volume day. What is
this? It's a relatively low volume day.
And as a general basic principle in
trading and with stocks, if you have a
low volume day,
uh the signal is weak, right? If you
fall at low volume,
probably doesn't mean much. People just
didn't show up. They were bored. They
were in the long weekend, whatever. If
you go up on a bull run and it's on low
volume, be cautious. It might be a bull
trap. It doesn't mean much. So, if we
would have a strong volume down day, I
would be a little bit more concerned. I
think this just means people didn't show
up. They're bored or whatever. In
addition, people say, "Oh, China is
negative because we didn't get any great
news." Well, I told everyone the only
great news out of China is that and that
Nvidia and Yanswang came with them. They
had this announcement that they're
allowed to sell more. Nvidia went up. I
told everyone, "What news do you expect
for Tesla?"
The, you know, the important thing is
that he showed up. The important thing
is that we're preparing better supply
chain for Optimus, lower tariffs. But of
course there wouldn't be announcements
on something like that. That is way too
that is way too, you know, vague the
whole thing. So I didn't expect
anything.
Well, did I expect we go down that much?
No. So in principle, I'm holding
relatively firm. I'm d-risking a little
bit because I have very high exposure.
I'm d-risking a little bit but generally
my gut feeling here is normal
retracement of the market overreaction
by Tesla but on low volume not much
meaning here Tesla had a huge runup
right since April 9th an enormous runup
of like whatever that is 20%. And so
completely normal that we take a little
breather look at this one month we are
still up nearly 8%. in one month and
four weeks. So, do I think this is
normal? Yes. Look at this here. April
9th, you run up to 400 and then you drop
a little bit back,
right? You run up to 400, you drop back
to 380 and then you continue the runup.
I think we have more room to run to 490.
I say it again, I think that little
drawback is still completely in the
realm of normal.
If the market holds up, I think Tesla
will have a very hard time dropping much
more from here, we would need the market
to shake and crash a little bit to
really go down more. And then of course,
we have to reassess the situation. But
when I look at the market, so this is a
market question. It's not a Tesla
question. Tesla is just, you know,
unmotivated today. Low volume, crashes a
little bit more than it should. This
will be a question of the NASDAQ holding
up going forward, going into next week,
not of Tesla. I think if the NASDAQ
holds up, Tesla goes back to 450. I will
get to this in a second and then
probably continues to 490. The NASDAQ
itself
looks very stable to me. The story is
intact, completely normal to take a
breather. So, I'm not concerned on the
market side. Look at this. This is like
perfect. We on a perfect bull run. Now
of course it can change any time but I
do not see the signal any anywhere here
that we are actually changing. So the
risk is not Tesla the risk is the market
and the market has a low risk in my
opinion and now Tesla overdid it which
is in my opinion
a sign that we will continue our little
bull run. Now if we take now a tactical
view for the traders among us we clearly
saw that 445 you know we we are going
towards 450 and got rejected pretty
hard. So it seems like there is some
kind of resistance here that we have to
break. We have to probably form some
base here uh between 420 I guess and 450
445.
Maybe we are building a little bit of a
channel and collecting our breath after
this crazy runup before we move higher
while we hope the market is holding up
while we're doing all these things. That
is my current thesis. Okay, I have these
current thesis, the most likely outcomes
over the next weeks to actually put my
positions on. So that means I'm maybe
doing a little bit of d-risking. I'm
still making up my mind if I should do
it or not because I'm a little, you
know, my exposure is pretty high right
now. So if we fall to 410, that would
not be good for me next week. So, do I
want to derisk a little bit, be a little
less greedy, even though my conviction
that we just go straight back to 440 or
something like that next week is
extremely high.
Do I want to avoid the tail risk?
Maybe, maybe not. Maybe I take 10% off
the table. I make my mind up in a few
minutes once we hang up here before
before the market closes. But I don't
think it's you know it's very likely to
be a mistake if I do that. So that is my
take just very tactical talk today. Uh
you know this is not a strategy session.
This is a complete tactics session. We
had enough strategy this week. I
explained China. I explained what I
think about SpaceX and Tesla. We have
much more in-depth research coming on
that. But sometimes it's time for
tactics. So on the tactics level I think
we are in a channel 420. We at the
bottom of the channel. Of course,
everything can change any minute, but
for now, most likely outcome. This is
the channel and we are going back to
440. That's what I'm betting on. If we
fall below 420, I will pull the plug on
a bunch of my positions. All short puts,
most of them now in the money. So, a
little high leverage here. And we go
from here, but I think I will be fine.
So, by the way, last comment before we
go into your comments,
how I saved myself 2% today. I got 2%
less loss of the portfolio when we
dropped very hard. I had all my short
puts on. Instead of taking the short
puts off the table, which costs premium
and all kinds of stuff, uh, in these
tactical drop situations, I often decide
to do super shortterm short calls
against the puts inside in the money
puts, right? So, I sold a very massive
amount of 430 calls expiring today.
Uh, because my reasoning was, well, this
looks kind of bad. If we end below that,
I just get a lot of money for free. Of
course, much less money than I lost on
paper today. But at 2% of portfolio
uh compensation, and that's exactly what
happened. And if I'm wrong,
sure, I lose a little bit money. If he
would have ended at 440 or 436,
435, I would have lost a little bit. I
would lost a percent, but I would have
made so much money back instead of
losing it on paper at least that it's
worth it. So sometimes these high
premium very short expiration calls when
you're loaded up with short puts going a
little short calls just for fun for the
scenario can be very good. So I offset
2% losses today. Still I'm pretty much
down, but that happens. And in the grand
scheme of things of this week and
especially last week, it's all looking
very good, but critical situation. So my
thesis stands, but of course I have to
watch this like a hawk on Monday what
happens because the exposure is high. So
let's go to the comments and see what
you guys are up to
on this bloody
Friday. Okay, let's go all the way up
here
and see how is a crash when it's still
up over one week. It's a crash today. It
feels like a crash if you have high
exposure.
Feels like BTC. Yeah, BTC is down too.
The whole c everything is down today.
Uh reasonable retracement after attempt
to break higher above 450.
I agree. I think a much better
explanation for the NASDAQ being down is
simply the rise in yield rates. When
bond yields go up, risk assets are less
attractive. That is correct. But we have
to ask ourselves, why are they higher?
Next time it touches 450, it breaks
through to 500 quick. I'm not sure.
Crypto practor, I think we could re get
rejected again and trade in this channel
for couple of weeks or something before
we then go to alltime highs. But you
know, of course, if we break through, I
if we break through, not if it touches
it. We break through we are going
probably higher quickly. Robbo taxi
rollout is slow. Investors are waiting
for sudden mass deployment. That is
correct crossby. But I think this is not
a Tesla story. It's a market story.
New Kurosava.
This is just a slingshot move. We will
continue to head up into June. I think
so too. That is what I think.
Joe, show your option positions. Oh,
that's a lots of positions right now.
It's ridiculous. Um,
Trump is effing us.
Wait, what is that?
Uh,
wait, I lost the comments. So many
comments here. My geek show. Trump is
effing us. Can you imagine what Tesla
would be if it weren't for that person?
Uh, maybe. Uh, Tuscan Tony, I'm totally
relaxed. Up 15% over the last month.
Exactly. Uh, Andrew says, "So fed up
with this fan.
Now comes like a
boom boom boom."
Andrew says, "Fan boys, propaganda."
Well, I just explained that this is the
opposite of propaganda. I'm telling you
exactly what I think and I never do
propaganda because then I lose money. Uh
stock drop because they failed to get
FSD approval for China today. No, that
is not the case. I think uh maybe we got
some disappointment that they weren't
big news. Tuscan Tony, it's a high alpha
stock. High beta stock. High beta stock.
Oh, now we at 424. Yeah, it's all going
to be fine, I guess.
Leonardo, I made it. Leonardo made it to
the show. Very good. Joe, I love your
videos. Thanks for putting out
consistently great content. How's the
weather where you are? It's beautiful.
Thank you. I'm in a beautiful place with
beautiful weather. Little chilly, but
beautiful sunshine.
Leonardo, Tesla is still doing very
well. I wouldn't mind if it goes down
back to final. I would mind. I would not
like that right now. Uh, I like it a
little smooth, but whatever. We have to
deal with whatever happens and make the
best of it. I think the volume improved
a lot. You mean the stock volume or my
audio volume? Um, Keshar, I sold four
460 strike calls due Monday earlier when
I realized we would get stuck not
breaking materially above 450. Well,
risky move, but that paid off.
joke one two three 4 says
I never thought I would Damn it I always
lose this
I lose my I never thought I would
ditting on my hand sitting on my hands
wait out it's like lord of flies
people jump in stocks jump out of
stocks true don't do that nothing
crashed stop making topics I don't
understand that
uh here shink Shinka TV technical
analysis just bounced off for 452.34
then broke through the 44226.
If we close below 442 TE would predict
down to 387.
I don't think so. I disagree. But yeah,
technical analysis I made 2,500 this
week from trading calls.
That is great.
Um, is the market down because the
Trumphating news declared the China trip
a failure? I didn't even read that. I
don't read or watch Trump hating news. I
just use X and for my own opinion and
CNBC. I don't think there's a big
disappointment, but maybe people
expected
um expected more announcements, which is
unlikely. I think the big news here is
that Trump invited Xi Jinping to the
White House in September. That's very
good news. They worked on Iran. They are
cautious. These people were in trade
war. Now they met. It was huge. Was very
positive gestures. He invited him to DC.
It was extremely friendly. This is the
biggest deal ever. You can't just
announce random stuff here. You need to
you need to uh work on these things. So
the good news is that everyone is
working on making things happen. I think
it's very positive. And I didn't expect
anything. Nvidia was a surprise and
Nvidia went up like crazy on it. you
know that they allowed to sell I think H
would be B I forgot which ones H200s
uh people are making a ton of money off
Tesla look at the last two weeks gone up
when then people take profits goes up
then people take profits and it's going
to rinse and repeat yes
Kesha I love these live sessions Joe
thank you so much well thank you guys
for tuning in I'm never sure if live
sessions are better than than recorded
sessions. Of course, I feel more in
control with recorded sessions. I feel
like the content quality is a little
higher if you edit and do it. But at the
same time, live sessions are more
lively. They're more timely. So, I'm
doing a little bit more of them. Uh you
guys let me know what you think. Elon
came home with no deal. Sure, but I
never expected him to come home with any
deal. What kind of deal? I don't even
know what deal. FSD approval. I mean
guys,
Elon is very important. We all love
Elon. But if you're Xi Jinping and
you're saying hello to Elon and Larry
Frink and Tim Apple and Yansen Huang,
but also by the way the president of the
United States, you also have other
things on your mind like the survival of
your civilization, Taiwan, Iran, nuclear
weapons, the United States. So it's not
just all FSD. So we have to put that a
little bit into perspective.
Just saying think about Xi Jinping.
Mark Labadi
says what about the Tom Lee narrative
that the new Fed must be tested. I think
that's dumb. I hate to say it. Sometimes
Tom Lee is a little off. I love his
whole thing how he talks. He comes
across very smart and I love him. But
sometimes he says dumb stuff like what?
You really think that the market tests
the new Fed chair that determines the O
of course that might be a tiny little
component, but it's not something that
defines the markets. Could TSL hit 100?
It ran up around 50 one day for a short
time. Well, TSL is just, you know, 2x
Tesla intraday. So, that's what's going
to do.
Gregory Mugan says, "My audio volume
improved, not the Tesla stock volume."
Okay, that's good to know.
Wault dweller
Elon screwing Tesla investors with the
SpaceX IPO. Well, that's the big debate
on X between Tesla Boomer Mama and
Rebellionire. And I chipped in watch my
video on it. I provided the first
quantitative framework to actually
provide everyone with an idea how you
can think around that. I disagree of
course that you know Tesla investors are
getting screwed.
I think that is not true. Let's just
check the stock. Little bump in the end
would be very nice if we end at like 427
or something. I would prefer that, but
that doesn't matter in the grand scheme
of things.
Um,
love it live. Yes, that's good to know.
Life is fun because I can respond to
your questions.
Uh, by the way, talking about questions,
we had another live investor session.
So, if you're an investor in Pioneer
Alpha or are interested in that and
you're a qualified investor, you have to
go through pioneeralpha.org.
Uh,
just be aware that we have this new
feature in your dashboard.
If you are an investor, you can go here,
go to your dashboard, and then you see
these meetings here. But that's only for
qualified investors. You can go to the
website and see everything. If you are
in here, you know that. And we have
these investor meetings to talk through
all your questions about the bonds.
Just as a side note here, you just click
on these. I love our new system RSVP.
Here are the meetings. You see when they
are, you see your time zone, and you can
just join. And we have actually a Google
Hangout, but that should be focused on
uh the bonds. Of course, I'm there in an
official uh role as a pioneer reserve
managing director. So, just as a side
note, don't forget about that if you are
an investor or uh have questions about
bonds. Um
remember that Tesla is still bullish.
Wait,
this is the worst scrolling problem here
with my chat.
Um, Joe, what's your 2030 base case
price target for Tesla? Well, I can give
it away even though that's a secret.
It's I shifted my 6,000 price target a
little back to be a little bit more
conservative. I see $4,000 as my price
target for the base case. I became a
little more, you know, cautious with the
timing on Roboexian and Optimus. Pushed
it a little out. This is a conservative
discounted cash flow model. on the
valuation it's conservative on the
revenue expectations and margins on cash
flows it's base case it's not
conservative
uh glad you're not sugar coating it yes
you have to always understand like I am
not a normal YouTuber I'm just sharing
my thoughts and I'm talking mostly to
myself and my main concern is to not
lose money so that's why I'm trying to
be right and it's very important
important. You know, all these social
media things when you're going X, uh, of
course you know how social media works.
It's like designed to provoke you into
being dumb. They say, "Oh, Joe, now
you're coping. You're a Tesla fanboy."
Or then the fanboys call me a traitor if
I say something against Elon or
whatever. Say with Trump, right? If I'm
proTrump,
I'm actually not getting that attacked
when I'm proTrump. When I'm like
critical of Trump, like in Iran,
everyone's like, "Oh, you're a traitor."
So, it's very important if you do that,
if you ever start a YouTube channel or X
and do trading, you have to let it all
bounce off you. If someone says I'm a
trader to Trump, I don't care. If
someone says I'm a Trump fanboy, I don't
care. If someone says I'm selling I'm
I'm I'm like I'm defrauding the investor
base of Tesla by forcing them into a
merger.
I don't care if someone says I'm too
critical of the merger. I also don't
care. I can't care because I want to be
right because if I'm right, I make
money. If I'm wrong, I lose money.
Uh, Mr. GM JM,
how can I stop this from jumping around
this chat?
Always lose what I My comment for last
few weeks was summit would be bad. Putin
next week and bricks consolidate. What's
Putin next week? I don't even know what
Putin next week. I have to look into
that. Tesla will fall to support and
wait for positive news.
Let's see about that.
We definitely bounced off the 450.
There's no doubt about that. So, right
now we are like in a tricky situation.
Why robo taxi page don't do any update?
I don't know what's happening there.
Maybe it's stuck. Is the oil disruption
going to last till the end of the year?
If so, will Tesla car and semi sales
increase? What about the entire market?
I think the oil shock is here and the
oil shock is super positive for EV sales
and that benefits Tesla tremendously. I
think that's just a given. At the same
time, I think the straight hormus will
be resolved because we have to
understand, as I said before, neither
Iran nor Trump can just do whatever they
want. They have massive pressure on
them. Iran has pressure from China.
Trump has pressure from Europe, from
inside the United States, from all over
the place in America and from other
allies. So they need to resolve that
issue. It's absolutely not acceptable
for the world economy that this trade is
closed. So neither the US nor Iran can
keep blocking this thing because they
will lose all support and both need
support. The United States government
needs support from inside America and
from Europe and Iran
urgently needs support from China. So
they can't they can't keep that up. And
you know the whole story that the
reserves are depleted and I think why
China for example released much more
reserves into the market than would make
sense if they would be concerned about
security of their oil is because they
know I'm pretty sure China can
effectively order Iran to not block this
trade anymore. So that's why they're
relaxed in my opinion.
H what is this
scrolling? Elon screwing Tesla investors
with SpaceX IPO. I'm not sure.
SpaceX IPO on 12th of June. I heard that
too. I'm not sure if that's final, but
yeah, it's probably going to happen.
Um remember that Tesla is still bullish.
It's one day chart is well above the
20 20
uh one day moving average. I agree it is
totally bullish this whole thing still
we we would need to see something worse
than today to break that Trump US
negotiations are likely ongoing
yes I think this is not like this is a
very big deal is a restructuring of the
world what we are seeing this is not
going to be one visit and it's all
solved so I totally agree
that
this is the is
um I agree. Meltzer says,
"Unfortunately, I bought yesterday at
447." I think these are like details in
the grand scheme of things. If you're
just buying stocks, if you're doing
aggressive options trades, it can hurt
you a little bit more.
Um, Mark Cave says, "I'm watching all
your recorded content and take it as a
treat
to catch the live stream when I can. You
always give a great insight and
perspective." Thank you. That's so nice
to to hear from you, Mark Cave 1901.
That's very nice to hear. Thank you. Um,
so basically, Crosby asks, "You see
Tesla 10x in four years? I think 5x is
more realistic.
Well, it depends how things are going. I
think it can 4x in uh it can 10x in four
years if you see millions of robo taxes
and a million humanoids in 2030.
So the question is can that happen? That
is always the big question.
I think it can.
Um yields up, inflation up, CPI up,
energy up, food up, consumer confidence
down, Donald Trump. So I mean the all
these things are the same thing kind of
right. Uh the CPI you saw it coming in
at whatever some crazy number 4% 6%. No
one cares because clearly that is from a
shock. This is from a tactical shock
that doesn't count in my opinion. So
that's why everyone is discounting it.
It's not real inflation here. It's just
oil um which of course hurts everyone
but it's not a sustained inflation.
uh you also have to understand like
inflation means everything becomes more
expensive because more money is being
printed whereas a supply I mean I never
understand why people conflate these two
things
of course inflation is being measured as
a CPI if if prices go up people think we
have inflation that's not how it works
we have to understand why price is up if
prices up because the amount of money
okay is going up the prices will never
come down again then you get inflation
of 3% 4% 5% 6% and then it keeps there
and then it goes up slowly 2%. If you
have a shock, a supply chain shock, you
it's followed by deflation because oil
goes to 150, okay, and it doesn't stay
at 150 forever. That would be normal
inflation. Normal inflation would be oil
going to four 150, next year 160, the
year after 170, then 180. Then we would
have normal inflation. But that's not
happening. oil is going up to 100 or 120
or 130 and then falling back to 50
because it's supply constraint, supply
chock, not inflation.
Um,
why is Joe so bad in investing?
That is a very good question. Uh, my
alpha disagrees with you. Questions
about taxes when trading short puts. If
my short put expires in the money, then
I sell bought stocks after a few months.
Texas stock sale price you
um it's very simple
um it's very simple you
wait
expert in the money then I sell bought
stocks after a few months
you have to just think about okay if you
buy if you this is you just have to sum
up how much money did you put into the
trade how much money did you get out of
the trade. That's all you have to do. I
know it sounds complicated, but in the
end, that's all it is. Like, how much
money did you actually put in? How much
gain do you have or loss? And then sum
it all up, netted out
for taxes. And assuming they're all
short-term,
Elon needs
to publicize positives, achievements,
and positive from China. He needs to
much better PR group to oversaturate the
upside news. Well, you can debate that.
You can also argue it doesn't matter
because long-term the stock market is a
scale and not a what is it? Not a not a
popularity contest.
And so it doesn't matter. I think that's
that's Elon's approach. back for TB bull
says if we close below 428
uh we should move lower over the next
couple weeks
maybe AGI is far far away. LLMs are
useful tools. I would disagree. I think
we have we are crossing as we speak the
Rubycon into economic AGI where AGI
replaces workers at scale. I think we
are right now crossing that
Rubicon as we speak. Within 3 months
it's done for most jobs capability wise
and then it's just a rollout problem.
Are you at all concerned about robo taxi
rollout stalling? Not really. I don't
see it stalling. I see the opposite.
They're they're printing all these cyber
caps and they're doing pretty well.
Does the US national debt worry you?
Peter Schu says the US could reach a
lending ceiling where the US inflation
is far higher than the interest rate.
Yes, but not not now. I think this is a
giant problem, but not right now.
I took my first robot taxi ride in Bay
Area. Weight times are awful, but the
ride experience was amazing. Way cheaper
than Uber and no trip required. Can't
wait till the roll out can fix the
weight times. They will be cautious and
it will be step by step, but I think
we're getting very close to it.
Okay guys, I have to wrap it up, but
that was fun having you on board.
Be cautious out there. You never know
what happens. Tesla closing this day
very badly.
Uh, but I'm not super duper concerned.
I'm a little concerned. Let's see what
happens. I think bouncing back is more
likely than not, and we will see next
week. So, take care and see you very
soon. Thanks for tuning in.