Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla and Mag7 Are Now SHOCKINGLY Undervalued Stocks
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvQpNCNS_v4
Published:   2026-07-11 20:33 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-11 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The stock market is in one of the
weirdest phases we have ever seen. We
have seen immense run-ups of Nvidia, but
also Micron Technologies and many
others. And then we saw the stocks drop
for no good reason besides or despite
enormous enormous gains in earnings,
blowing them out of the water with
outlooks that are just mindboggling.
And today we are going to talk about
what that all means and why it's a
little weird and why this time the
market might be wrong and understand
that it's wrong very very soon. And
let's get it started with that little
overview. This post I did on X thanks to
Agus Urkan who did the original post.
What I said here is absolutely crazy
what's happening in the market. Dramatic
undervaluation for Mac 7. Hard to
explain why. Just buy. The market is
basically implying that massive growth
and massive profits can't be sustained
and that profit growth will dramatically
fall in 2027. That is the implication of
the market right here and I don't think
it's thought through. Well, all the
evidence points to the contrary. Let's
take a look what Urkan is posting here.
This is not the entire Mac 7, but it's
very representative of the problem. Look
at these insane numbers. We have Nvidia,
we have Meta, we have Microsoft, we have
Amazon, some of the most iconic and
important companies in the world. So, we
left some out here. We will talk about
Tesla who's part of Mac 7 in a second.
Apple is not in here. And so, let's take
a look what's going on here. You see the
revenue keer growth, right? Projected
Nvidia is projected to grow at a
staggering 26.2% 2% and that's very
similar to the Ebbit growth projected to
the earnings growth 26% growth. Okay,
that is what we assume. Meta is
projected at 17.8. I think Meta will
surprise to the upside by the way.
Microsoft 16.6 that's probably accurate.
Amazon 13.7% growth. Who knows? Who
knows? It depends how well they build
out their data centers, how good they
are with Tranium, their own chip. I
think there's a little upside here
potential. uh Microsoft, we never know.
But look at Nvidia that is valued the
lowest of all of them. And you see here
the multiple the price earnings multiple
price earnings forward looking to 2027.
And these hyper growth stocks, I mean,
how else would you describe a stock like
Nvidia that trades at an unbelievable
15.7x
forward multiple
and grows at 26% every single year
projected. Okay? And that is
conservative by the these are the
projections. That's not reality. In
reality, I think they will grow faster
because the demand for AI is insane. And
everyone who thinks and that is the core
point here. That is the insight that
generates you alpha and me. That is the
insight that makes me different from
seemingly what the market right now
thinks. And the market thinks that AI is
a hoax. That is the only explanation.
The only explanation to give these
companies alltogether a lower price
earnings ratio than the NASDAQ. Isn't
that insane? The MAX7 the one some of
the fastest growing most well-managed
companies in the entire universe are
trading now lower than the market in
terms of the PE. Look at this. We have
macro trends here. I can show you the
evidence here. As of July 2026, the
NASDAQ is actually trading at a 23.68
price toearnings ratio. to the entire
stock market or at least the NASDAQ
trades at 23.68
multiple over the entire earnings of all
NASDAQ companies. So all the cash that
comes in all the EBIT not the cash all
the earnings that comes in to the all
the companies in the NASDAQ if you then
sum up the entire market cap the
valuation of all these companies and
divide the total market cap by the
earnings you're getting you 23.68 68.
But the best companies in the world that
have massive significant growth trade
far below 23.6.
Okay, that is nuts. That is nuts. And I
think this is all based on the
assumption that the market currently has
that AI is not sustainable. That the
capex growth of these companies is not
sustainable. Even though even though the
capex and the depreciation the capital
expenditures that they all have this
massive growth in capex is already part
of that multiple because the earnings
take this into consideration the
depreciation of the capex. So that's not
even the thing but they're saying the
revenue against it we are not buying it.
The market says this cannot be these two
numbers cannot be true together. Okay
you cannot be at 26.2 2 keGer in the
future and trade at 15.7x earnings. Not
possible. One of them must be wrong. The
assumption is that number is wrong.
26.2. The market seems to think they
can't grow at that speed and they can't
continue growing at that speed. But we
know that number is conservative because
Nvidia is booked out all the way through
2027 easily. So what is the assumption
here? Market Mr. market. Is the
assumption that in 2028 suddenly no one
will buy Nvidia anymore? Is the
assumption that in 2028, 2029, 2030 AI
is not a thing anymore? That we won't
need compute anymore? Is the assumption
that our models are so good that they
don't need any compute, which is totally
bogus. Is that your assumption? Is your
assumption that people won't use AI
anymore? Is your assumption that
inference demand will go down? Is your
assumption that inference efficiency is
suddenly exploding?
You need to have pretty crazy
assumptions. You either have to assume
no one uses AI anymore or you have to
assume people need less inference per
search. That makes no sense. Agentic AI
will drive inference through the roof.
Or you have to assume that some of the
efficiency of inference goes through the
roof and we don't need that much compute
anymore. Or you have to assume there's
competition for Nvidia.
None of them when you actually poke into
them can be true. At least not by 2030.
Of course, by 2040 anything is possible.
But it's much more likely that even then
Nvidia maintains its lead. When it comes
to the others, what is your assumption
here? That meta stops growing? That
Microsoft didn't won't figure out how AI
works for them? Won't figure out the
deployment? You can have all these
assumptions,
but going all in and pricing these
stocks so wrongly is probably not a good
idea because these assumptions are based
on nothing right now. And if you want to
be conservative, being conservative is
just another word for being wrong. You
don't want to be conservative. You don't
want to be aggressive when you invest.
You want to be right. You need to aim
for the most likely outcome. And the
most likely outcome is that AI continues
its march forward, that inference
continues to grow insanely because it
creates insane value and that we will
see tremendous incremental innovation in
the agentic efficiency in enterprise and
so on and so forth. Hey, on this channel
we do something very important. We
deeply analyze, understand, and predict
capital, AGI, and politics. Not just to
beat the markets and make a lot of
money, even though that's important, but
also to build a new society and make the
future good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing. Like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support.
And let's get back to the video. Now
when we then look at our favorite stock
of course Tesla,
Tesla trades at a very high multiple
right now but that multiple is based on
its current base case which is 2026 EBIT
earnings of $4.5 billion roughly. What
people do not recognize is that robo
taxi is an absolute gamecher for the
stock. So Tesla is in a little bit of a
different situation than Max 7 because
Tesla has the potential, not just the
potential, is extremely likely to
deliver a new product line any time now,
but definitely in 2026. I would
definitely bet on this being solved by
2026. You know the product line it is
robo taxi and robo taxi when delivered
self-driving
cyber caps. Okay, self-driving meaning
they don't have steering wheels. They
don't have pedals. They just drive
people around and you can just sit in
them and they do the job and that will
replace all transportation eventually.
But initially the right sharing market.
And when you look at what that would do,
what that does to Tesla earnings, it is
absolutely transformative because
100,000 robo taxis make 5 billion in
additional earnings. Okay. So if Tesla
can deploy 100,000 robo taxis by end of
2027, they will have a earnings growth
which is more important than revenue
growth. they will have an earnings
growth of over 100%.
Okay, over 100%. If you compare it with
these guys, Nvidia 26%, Meta at 17%,
imagine now Tesla coming into the mix
and having a growth rate of 100% or
more.
Most importantly, they will be able once
robo taxi works, of course, that is the
inflection point. Once it works, they
will be able thanks to Cyber Cap design
and manufacturing capabilities to scale
that with a 100% growth year-over-year
for many, many years, 5 years or more. I
would say potentially even 10 years
because the demand for robo taxis is
massively underappreciated.
Morgan Stanley just came out and said
they think Tesla will have 30,000 robo
taxis by 2030. I don't think so. Here's
a quick overview of what I think is
going to happen in 2020. Let's switch
this to here. In 2027,
I think we will have 100,000 robo taxis
very likely on the road. Okay, let's
look at this. I think by 2027, we will
have 100,000 robo taxis produced and
deployed, which brings the fleet then
conservatively to a 100,000. The fleet
is what makes the money, not the
produced cyber caps. And this fleet
would make them $5 billion, increasing
their EBIT by 100%. It's a 100% for the
entire Tesla company, Ebbit growth.
Okay. But in 2028, what happens? We can
easily assume if they can produce
100,000 and deploy them and FSD works
perfectly in 2027, which when you look
at the data, when you look at the facts,
I don't think there is a scenario
possible where this is not happening. in
2027. I do think it will start to happen
this year. I do think it will even start
to happen in Q3, which is now in July,
in August, in September. That will be
the start starting point for this
trajectory. And at that point, Tesla can
grow to a fleet of 300,000 by 2028,
which means it will increase its current
2026 projected earnings by 300%
by 2028. It can then deploy another
400,000 very easily and grow the fleet
to 700,000 meaning they can add $35
billion in Abbott which is a growth
compared to now to 2026 of 700%
and then of course they can continue
800,000 produced in a year is still
absolutely within the Tesla range. They
can easily produce 2 million cars right
now. Cybercap is designed for being much
more and easier mass producible than
Model Y and three that are already
produced at a million roughly. And so
the fleet would be 1.5 million which
means 75 billion in additional earnings.
Meaning 1,500% earnings growth for
Tesla. That is the reason why Tesla
trades at a very high multiple right
now. Okay, Tesla PE multiple right now.
Let's look it up what the latest is
roughly
uh forward PE is roughly 198 okay the
thing is when you understand this if
it's 198 but you grow at 300%
you have to divide this by three okay
simple math because the earnings are
higher you divide it by three and
suddenly you're only at 60 PE you divide
it by 10 or 15 if you divide this by 15
you have an earnings ratio that is the
lowest of the Max 7. Of course, that's
in 2030, but Tesla with the current
price in 2030, just on robo taxi, not
even on anything else, would have an
earnings ratio that would be
ridiculously low like of 12 or 11. Okay,
so this would be much lower than even
Nvidia while not growing at 26% but 100%
per year. So, isn't that interesting?
That is why I think all of these stocks
are a total buy. But my favorites are of
course Tesla because Tesla what people
don't understand about PE is what is
happening to Tesla and how much is
coming in and of course Nvidia because
for Nvidia you don't even need any
assumptions like robo taxi coming online
for Nvidia you don't even have
uncertainty like with Tesla we don't
know when Tesla cyber capab will start
to scale and being deployed even though
I believe it's in Q3 latest in Q4 this
year but these are assumptions you need
to have deep understanding of the
technology and what's happening to get
to that conclusion. For Nvidia, you
don't need anything. You look at the
growth, you look at the margins,
everything is clear. You look at the
order books. It's insane. Now, are there
stocks out there where you can make
3,000%? Of course. Do I know these
stocks? No. Will everyone say it was
obvious once they know which ones it is?
Of course. But that doesn't help anyone.
Here we have the safest bet I've seen in
a long time with Nvidia. In my opinion,
a very safe bet with Tesla too and much
more upside. But these two stocks are my
absolute favorite. I think the others
here, especially MA and Amazon,
Microsoft, you never know how they will
screw up. They always find a way to
screw up. But Meta and Amazon, Meta is
just
very lowly valued and Amazon I think is
underrated with a 13.7%
projected keer. The bottom line is the
market right now prices in that AI
doesn't work. It prices in that AI is a
is is something that goes away. This is
not the case. And I am a buyer of Mac 7,
especially of Nvidia and even more of
Tesla. I hope this was interesting. See
you tomorrow.