Channel:     electrified
Title:       Mutliple Tesla Timelines Just Changed ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5xxWPaaFXY
Published:   2026-07-13 23:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-14 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. First up today, I just want
to clarify what's going on with Tesla's
AI5 because I think some people are
still a bit confused. Over the weekend,
Yawn from EV Wire broke the news that
Tesla's AI5 has now been taped out by
Samsung. Some of the confusion started
with what Elon said April of this year.
Congrats to the Tesla AI chip design
team on taping out AI5. So, back in
April this year, Tesla's design team for
the chip taped out their variant, which
they shipped off to Samsung and TSMC.
But the news over the weekend was that
Samsung has finished their version of
their tape out, meaning that design is
now ready to be fed into Samsung's
actual manufacturing process. The news
came from a Samsung engineer, James Kim,
who on LinkedIn said the AI5 chip has
reached tape out. It's scheduled to be
manufactured at the Taylor Fab using our
latest 2n nanometer process and will
soon be integrated into Tesla's newest
products. Just a heads up though, that
post has since been deleted. That news
of course started going global. But
ultimately, we do not have the official
reason for the deletion of the post. But
if that post is actually true, I think
the biggest takeaway is that AI5 will
actually be on Samsung's 2 nanometer
process. Over the past few months,
there's been plenty of speculation that
AI5 might be on a more mature node at
Samsung, maybe something like four
nanometers. Because yes, a more advanced
node like 2 nanometers does give you
more capability, but you also incur more
risk. Whereas, when you take a slight
step back from the frontier, you derisk
a lot of things from the supply chain
and the manufacturing process and the
yields and really everything involved.
So this would certainly be a sign of
confidence from Tesla and Samsung that
Samsung's 2 nanometer process in Taylor,
Texas is continually improving the
yields and will ultimately be able to
produce AI5 reliably at massive volumes.
In that post, James Kim did say that AI5
would soon be integrated into Tesla's
newest product. So if I had to guess,
that's why somebody from Tesla may have
asked him to take it down. AI5 is not
going to be in any Tesla products
anytime soon. It seems to me like plenty
of people have totally forgot that we
have an entire in between chip step from
AI4 to AI5. Elon recently said, "At some
point, I think it'll make sense for us
to switch to AI5 in the car, but there's
not a pressing issue to do so. At some
point, the AI4 hardware is going to get
so old that it's like, okay, the only
reason they're keeping the factory open
is for AI4." We are planning an AI4
upgrade to use newer generation RAM.
It'll go from 16 gigabytes to, I think,
32 gigabytes per SOC system on chip. So,
a total of 64 gigabytes because Tesla
uses a dual SOC, which of course is for
redundancy. Elon said probably a 10%
increase in compute and memory
bandwidth. And Tesla's calling that
upgrade AI4.1 or AI4 Plus. And Elon said
probably goes into production middle of
2027. I think Samsung is doing the
modifications for us. So, it sort of
depends on when they're able to finish
those modifications and bring it to
production. Elon said that April of this
year. So, the latest is that this AI4
Plus wouldn't make it into Tesla
vehicles until maybe sometime in Q3
2027. So, unless something changes, I do
not see AI5 going into Tesla vehicles
anytime in 2027. And the reason I think
this is so important to clarify because
I personally at a time was waiting for
AI5 in a vehicle to upgrade my Tesla.
That was when we thought that upgrade
was going to happen next year, but
that's no longer the case. So now
personally, I'd be waiting for AI4 Plus.
And right now, in terms of AI5 in a
Tesla vehicle, my guess would be 2028 at
the very earliest. And even then, at
this point, I would say Elon doesn't
even really know. I think this is one of
the more overlooked aspects of Surf
Shark, the sponsor of this video. Surf
Shark has a rotating IP feature that
automatically changes your IP address
every 5 minutes within your chosen
location. And this one's overlooked
because, well, why does that matter?
That's because a standard VPN keeps you
under one IP address for the entirety of
your session. So even if your actual IP
address is masked with a VPN, if it
stays the same all the time, then some
traceable behavior patterns can emerge.
But with Surf Shark's Nexus technology,
you'll get that rotating IP it changes
every 5 minutes, which will make your
online identity even harder to track.
And all of this technology runs on Surf
Shark's core VPN across an unlimited
number of devices, so your entire family
can be protected with only one account.
And Surf Shark really is constantly
evolving to move beyond just a VPN. It
now offers the email scam checker right
in Chrome and Gmail that uses AI to flag
fishing attempts before you fall for
them. And as someone who gets dozens of
emails every single day with potential
offers, this has been invaluable for me.
Here's my Surf Shark dashboard, and
anytime I need to create a new online
account, I will do so using an
alternative ID. The whole process takes
only a matter of seconds, and it
seamlessly links to your actual email.
And in a world where AI scams will
continue to proliferate, I just think we
should be doing everything we can to
protect ourselves. So, if you'd like to
support the channel, you can start your
7-day free trial and unlock four extra
months of Surf SharkVPN by heading to
surf shark.com/electrified
or using code electrified at checkout.
And in April of this year, tov did ask
Elon about AI5. Will it go into cars or
robots? To which Elon said, "Optimus and
our supercomputer clusters, AI4 is
enough to achieve much better than human
safety for FSD." But listen, I
understand why not everybody believes
Elon when he says these things anymore
because he did say the exact same thing
for hardware 3 quite some time ago. And
years later, he finally admitted that
hardware 3 will not be achieving
unsupervised. And clearly FSD version 15
is not done. So the Tesla team doesn't
really know exactly how that's going to
pan out when it's ready to be released.
So my point, there's just still a level
of uncertainty around all of this. And
one more important reminder, Elon said
this November of last year, AI5 will not
be available in sufficient volume to
switch over Tesla production lines until
mid2027 as we need several hundred,000
completed AI5 boards line side. So that
timeline is almost certainly now pushed
back significantly. So for AI5 given the
Samsung tapeout news again if that's
ultimately true ordinarily it'll take at
least a few months for the first
engineering samples and I would bake in
some level of delay given the newness of
the 2 nanometer process. So call it
November for engineering samples and
then really throughout 2027 is when AI5
could begin scaling at Samsung. But I
just want to make it abundantly clear,
as far as we know right now, the plan
from Tesla is not to incorporate AI5
into the vehicles. At this point, it's
really just a maybe at some point down
the line. But whether it's Optimus or
Tesla's compute cluster that gets an AI5
chip first, Tesla will likely wait until
they have significant numbers
potentially in the hundreds of thousands
line, meaning sitting there ready to go
into the products before actually
deploying this chip. So yes, this is a
meaningful milestone. Yes, it's
encouraging. Samsung's feeling good
about its 2 nanometer process. And that
will be enough at high enough volumes
soon enough for Tesla. And now Tesla has
a credible dual source path for AI5
through both Samsung and TSMC on a
leading edge node, which you could argue
does make the milestone more important
because hypothetically if Samsung was
not ready with a 2 nanometer process,
Tesla would likely be more reliant on
TSMC. But for now, it looks like Tesla
is ready to roll with both on the
frontier. But by and large, most of the
hard work still lies ahead. And one last
thing, just be careful. If you ask AI,
it might kick back to you that Tesla has
a AI 4.5 coming. That would be a 3
system on chip, adding an extra layer of
redundancy and compute. Just don't
forget that that's not accurate. Tesla
came out and said that was just
mislabeling. So AI4.5 is not a thing. A
3 So from Tesla is not a thing. It's the
AI4 Plus that we're waiting for, and we
might not even get that in Tesla
vehicles until the middle of next year.
But far and away, most importantly, the
indication is that the Tesla team
believes AI4, just four, will be enough
to achieve unsupervised FSD far safer
than a human. On the consumer FSD front,
we now have 14.3.5
rolling out to the early access group.
And so far, the parking still seems to
be a problem. This might be a good test.
See what it does. So, the pin is just
right here on the left.
So, it is
now pulling in on this ramp.
Uh, so far not good. Wow. Okay. So, it's
parking perpendicular
perpendicular
on
This is street parking.
Just park parallel to the curb.
That is That's two in a row. Absolutely
horrendous. I would have picked the spot
in the middle, but it looks like it
nailed it. Oh, no. On the line. Not a
very good Not a very good
park job. Uh 1335 sucks at parking, but
I still love you, Tesla AI. I still
believe in you.
&gt;&gt; But at the same time, we have DJ on
14.3.5 saying he parked five times and
each time it's been great. One was a bit
too close to the line, but still good.
Personally, it's starting to feel like
we won't get a major parking lot
improvement until version 15. Just
speculation. So, the main thing I'm
watching for with this version is the
jitters and the brake stabbing because
I'm still getting it for me on 14.3.4
before and nearly everybody that I've
seen comment about this has said that
they are largely gone. So, with that,
I'm encouraged, but we'll see. However,
DJ also said in the comments that it
then tried to park in a handicapped
spot, so he changed the grade to a C.
And it looks like the manual blinker
override is still not working for turns.
It's really only to change lanes, which
is a feature I would love to have given
how poor the navigation is still oftent
times, at least in my geography. The
ability to override the navigation
without having to disengage would be a
nice feature. In the release notes for
5, it says you can now open the camera
preview at any time, even if your Tesla
is not in park. Just go to controls,
service, and then camera preview. And
David did confirm in his video it works.
Here's his 8 camera setup with his
hardware configuration, which he pulled
up in the middle of the drive. And yes,
the FSD tentacle on the mobile app is
showing up with this version. Devin
Olsen said I'll go on record saying the
nag in dot 5 seems more relaxed than
ever. The only message he's gotten is
keep hands ready to steer and that's
after some pretty egregious phone use.
He said the only nag he's getting is
when he holds his phone with both hands
for a long time. And I'm assuming that
would be on the standard profile. And DJ
said he can confirm the nag is reduced
in 5. But also when it's triggered the
fuse is much shorter. So be ready.
Before I even talk about this one, I
just want to make it very clear. The dog
in this video is okay. The original post
said he checked on the dog, they went to
the vet, and everything turned out all
right for him. But this is the trolley
problem in action, and it's something
I've always been wondering about how the
robo taxi will handle the situations
where a negative outcome is nearly
unavoidable. So, the first frame where
you can actually see this dog is back
here. Cars going 53 mph on self-driving.
But interestingly, it doesn't really
break for a while. We're at this point
now. The dog is very clearly visible and
still 53 mph. And I go frame by frame,
and it's not until right here where the
car starts breaking. And of course, at
this point, the car can't swerve
completely to the left because there's
an oncoming car. And I'll just play it
from here.
And the OP said it was FSD14.2.2.5.
And here it is in real time.
Certainly an unfortunate situation. I'm
not sure there's a lot FSD could have
done differently here. I think it did
better than a lot of humans would do.
And you could make the argument that FSD
saved that dog's life by reducing the
impact. Shifting to the robo taxi front,
Spencer broke the news that there's a
permit saying a cleaning robot is now in
the scope of work that has officially
been permitted and now built and it
completed construction March of this
year. And looking at the Texas filing,
it says scope of work, restroom
addition, equipment inspection system,
supercharger cabinet and chargers, and a
cleaning robot. And this location with
the cleaning robot is only 15 minutes
west of Giga Texas. And once again, this
is just part of all of the
infrastructure Tesla will likely want in
place before scaling the service. And
don't miss the two important words on
this Texas permit. It says current
status project closed, which means the
scope of work is already done. This is
anecdotal, but Spencer also said that
the wait times in Dallas seemed to be
better. In his testing over the weekend,
he said he did not hit high service
demand all day and the longest wait time
was 7 minutes. Now, of course, we don't
know how many people are requesting
rides in Dallas. I've said numerous
times outside of Austin, it's still
really more of a pilot and a beta. But
it wasn't just that report alone. We
have Grayson saying major improvement in
the robo taxi Miami wait times. At least
for this ride. He only waited 4 minutes.
Personally though, I think the wait
times have more to do with the lack of
demand, meaning only nerds like us are
aware the service even exists. It's not
like Tesla has 10 to 20 cars in the
service. It still sounds like it's
somewhere between 2 and 5 in Miami and
perhaps somewhere between 5 and 10 in
Dallas. However, cyber cabs continue to
accumulate. Essie Robinson said over the
weekend that there were 100 cyber cabs
in Houston alone. But again, none of
them in this video, at least that we can
see, have the cyber cab badging yet. And
Grayson shared a video of the cyber cab
testing in Miami. It does appear like
it's filmed with a potato, but you can
clearly see the cyber cab with the
safety operator in what would be the
driver position, and it looks like his
hand is sitting on a steering wheel. No
cyber cab badging. When it comes to FSD
approval across the EU, I'm going to put
this one squarely in the rumor category,
but we have this account saying that he
was at a Tesla showroom in Germany, and
he said FSD is coming very, very soon.
And there are a few reports of Tesla
employees at service centers getting
ready for customer test drives. And
further, the software trackers do have a
version with FSD being downloaded on
some German cars. Of course, these
owners can't yet use it because the KBA
hasn't approved it. But my point, there
are some drum beats that I think are
worth pointing out. And further, if
Germany does approve Tesla's supervised
FSD on its own ahead of the vote, that
would mean very encouraging things for
the vote overall. And frankly, I would
actually be surprised if Germany did
this ahead of the vote, but they might.
So, we'll see. Gavin Newsome shared that
he signed legislation for Californians
to get $3,500 off new EVs and $1,750 off
used models. He said this is to replace
the void left by the GOP repealing the
federal EV tax credit. However, when you
read the fine print, you realize this is
much better for Riven and Lucid than it
is for Tesla. That's because there's a
$50,000 cap on the final MSRP of the
vehicle, meaning after you spec your
vehicle. So, if the out the-do price, if
you will, goes over $50,000, you will
not get the credit. However, California
put an exception in this bill. And if
you're headquartered in California,
which by the way, Rivian and Lucid are,
that $50,000 cap does not apply to you.
And we know Tesla moved its headquarters
to Austin, so they do have the cap
applied. So, because Rivian and Lucid
are headquartered in California, you can
spec their vehicles all the way up. No
cap applies. Customer gets the credit.
But Tesla, on the other hand, because it
moved its headquarters out of
California. The $50,000 cap does apply
to Tesla. And not only did Gavin do
that, but he also just said this. Elon
Musk.
&gt;&gt; Um, one of the great disappointments,
one of our one of the great innovators
of our time. I brought up Edison before.
He's Edison of our time. It breaks my
heart. I was the first, you know, was
got one of the first Teslas off the
line. I've been one of their biggest
proponents, supporters. Was regulation
in California that created the
conditions that allowed him to take the
risk to become the multi-billionaire,
maybe trillionaire that he's become. Now
he's going to space and he's now turning
his back not only in the state that
promote him though he has no problem
getting the R&amp;D tax credits and moving
his world headquarters on R&amp;D here and
having Grock here and most of his talent
here which is also interesting but right
now he's allowing and I think this is
Trump not just Elon Musk he's going to
allow the greatest ongo
I think one of the most significant on
goals in the next decade is seeding the
EV space to China. They have 70% of the
global EV market. Elon was the one
accelerating that. Now he's put the
brakes on his own innovation in that
space and now shifted to robotics,
humanoids, including the line here in
Fremont, his largest manufacturing line,
arguably outside of Shanghai, the
largest in the world.
&gt;&gt; I'd love to know what kind of drugs
Gavin Newsome is doing because as we
know, Elon is not pumping the brakes on
electric vehicles. He responds to market
demand. He responds to policy changes.
And oh, by the way, let's not forget
about the cyber cab that Gavin seemingly
completely left out. Not to mention,
America would be completely and utterly
dead in the water without Tesla and
Elon. So, no, in no way is Tesla seeding
the EV race to China. If anything, it's
our legacy automakers that choose to put
profit over the future that are
continuing to build out gas models that
have zero interest or passion in
creating compelling EVs for their
customers. So, hey Gavin, if you want to
point the finger at somebody for seeding
the EV race to China, it's definitely
not Tesla and Elon. Point at any of the
legacy automakers. But yeah, if you want
to know why Gavin put that stupid
headquarter rule in that new bill, well,
there you go. And speaking of Fremont,
Ashoke said, "It's big shoes to fill,
but I'm confident Optimus will not
disappoint." And interestingly, Scott
Walter shared this today about Optimus,
quoting something I shared about Optimus
last week. And just FYI, if you don't
know, Scott Walter is very plugged into
the humanoid space. That's really all
you need to know. He said, "The maxim
prototypes are easy, production is
hard," does not apply to humanoids. No
one, including Tesla, has a working
prototype worth scaling in the tens of
thousands, let alone millions. It's not
a scaling problem. It's a prototype
problem. Humanoid prototypes are hard.
Current prototypes might be scalable,
but are not sufficiently capable, nor
robust, nor safe, including Optimus. You
don't scale a crappy humanoid. Unitry
could easily scale the G1 to millions.
But to what end? Obsolescence in 6
months. Humanoid prototypes are hard.
Ramping up a million and 10 million
annual capacity lines simultaneously is
premature. We will never see that
quantity of V3s, not because the supply
chain isn't yet mature, but because the
prototype is not. Tesla is attempting to
scale a moving target. Tesla is
impressing by flexing its scaling
muscles first rather than demonstrating
any clear technological adroenness
first. V3 will not be revealed this
year, not over piracy concerns, but
because the bar for humanoid demos is
beyond its current capabilities to
demonstrate. The million plus Optimi
will be V5 or higher. Humanoid
prototypes worth scaling are hard. So,
there you have it. If you thought my
takes on Optimus were bearish, well,
Scott has even me beat. And frankly, I
don't even agree with everything Scott
said, but I think it's important
viewpoint to share coming from someone
like him because as always, I feel this
deep responsibility to do my best to
keep everybody's expectations in check
because we have plenty of people in the
Tesla community that let expectations
and opium run wild. And the main push
back I have is that Scott doesn't know
what type of prototype Tesla has to
scale or not. We haven't seen anything
from Tesla's Optimus now for months. So
obviously they've made some progress
over that time. So the fact of the
matter is I don't know. Scott doesn't
know. Nobody knows what Tesla actually
has in terms of a prototype. But here's
something I do know. Tesla is not a
company that wastes money. Tesla is one
of the most capital efficient companies
on planet Earth. But unfortunately right
now we're all just shooting in the dark.
And when that's the case, I'd rather
just not shoot as much. But again, Scott
is not some random keyboard warrior. So
certainly worth passing along. Today we
have Paper Transport, a leading
dedicated transportation provider,
announcing a partnership with Tesla to
evaluate the Tesla Semi. This would be
for dedicated operations in Chicago. PTI
is evaluating the Tesla Semi long range
within its dedicated model where
predictable routes and consistent
mileage provide an ideal environment for
assessing battery electric performance.
and they said, "We anticipate a growing
synergy between our business as we work
to facilitate this sustainable solution
for our customers." So, we'll see how
the pilot goes. It sounds like PTI has a
fleet of somewhere in the neighborhood
of 800 trucks. But to start, this would
be just operations in Chicago. So, maybe
Tesla could see an order between 40 and
60 units at some point if things go
well. But at this point, we can be
reasonably confident every pilot is
going to go well because most of them
that we've heard about have. Today,
Michael Dunn from Dunn Insight said,
"This is arguably the biggest automotive
story of the year nobody is talking
about. In the first half of this year,
the domestic Chinese market has seen
sales collapse 20% year-over-year. BYD
sales alone were down 46%.
VW and Toyota were down 29 and 17%
respectively, and Gile was down 25%."
which is important context for Tesla
because Tesla's retail sales in China
January through June were down 9.3%
year-over-year. But as you can see,
being down 9% in this market is actually
quite good. For the top 20 brands on
this list, only three were positive
year-over-year. That's Leap, Xiai, and
Ido. But every other company is in the
red, and only two of them are in the red
less than 10%. one of them being Tesla.
So that's why these Chinese EV makers
are flooding the European markets with
its EVs. So that's certainly a trend to
keep an eye on. Hopefully you all saw
the video from Friday where we talked
about Andrews Wicker and the nefarious
things going on there in New Jersey.
Well, it's getting worse. We have a
lobbyist from Uber who's now separately
pushing to require any platform offering
driverless ride hailing services to have
human drivers serve 85% of its rides. So
yes, he wants driverless ride hailing
services to have 85% of their rides with
a human driver, which yes, by the way,
completely defeats the purpose of a
driverless platform. This language would
likely prevent self-driving vehicle
developers like Whimo, Zuks, and Tesla
from operating their own ride apps in
the state. And here you go. A
representative for Uber pitched a
version of this proposal to New Jersey
State Senator Andrew Zwicker. The Uber
lobbyist proposed language restricting
standalone robo taxi healing apps is not
currently part of the bill, which could
come up for a vote this fall. So in
practice, Uber is now officially
lobbying to have Tesla required to have
85% of its robo taxi platform in New
Jersey require human operators. Now, of
course, depending on what happens with
that other bill we covered last week,
Tesla might not be in New Jersey for a
long time anyway, but talk about Uber
sending mixed signals here. They're
spending tens of billions of dollars on
autonomy and talking about how these
driverless rides are so safe. But now
they come out with this, which makes you
wonder behind the scenes, maybe DAR is
starting to realize, hey, all these
companies were begging to figure out
autonomy to compete with Tesla. They're
nowhere near ready. And since that's the
case and Whimo can't really scale, then
I guess we have to start pushing human
drivers into the mix again.
I mean, it's crazy. Tesla stock closed
the day at $394.76,
down 3.19%. And SpaceX quickly
approaching the IPO price, closing the
day at $139.14,
down 4.24%, while the NDX was down
1.88%.
Don't forget, check out Surf Shark
linked below. It is now much more than
just a VPN. Hope you all have a
wonderful day and a huge thank you to
all of my Patreon supporters.