Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Q2 Delivery Estimate + a BIG News Roundup
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnQwOAAHL64
Published:   2026-06-30 06:25 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-30 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Happy end of June one and all. It's the
end of Q2. Oh my, where is the year
going? Happy halfwayish through the
year. Hair under. Close enough. Uh, good
enough estimate all around. I would
count that one as a win if you called it
halfway through the year. Even though
the 30th of June is not quite done and
there is going to be uh an more days in
the second half of the first year than
the first half. Weird how calendars
work.
Don't ask why February has an
insufficient number of days. Blame the
Caesars. Uh so guys, what's going on?
We've got our production and delivery
estimate coming up. Uh that's going to
be a big chunk of the show, but what
happened yesterday was there was too
much news to cover. All that news has to
be covered somewhere and uh 30 minutes
doesn't always cut it. If this is your
first time watching one of these, well
uh the way it works is I will be
answering all these uh little questions,
your comments over here. So get them in.
We'll see how the poll goes. All that
good stuff. But let's get into it. Rapid
fire as quick as we can, but this one
will go as long as it needs to go
because we've got stuff to cover. How is
everybody? What's the weather where you
are? I ask in part because uh there's
somebody I'm looking for in the chat.
Okay, so let's get to it, shall we? Why
not?
Q2 deliveries in a matter of days.
Here's the number that matters most.
save you the too long didn't read
year-over-year growth. That's what
they're looking for. Should be doable
because uh last year was the retooling.
So update uh will be timely as
deliveries are the most direct measure
of whether demand for the cars is
recovering after a difficult 2025.
Wasn't difficult because the demand so
much was difficult because
because that's nice. I got some good
comments already. Thank you, David. uh
because there is a you can't sell cars
you're not building. That was the big
one. We were saying, "Oh, Tesla's demand
has collapsed. It's over." I go, "Guys,
if production was uh if demand was
through the roof, it wouldn't have
helped. If the factories were down for
retooling, so that's what we're going to
be looking at now. We are no longer
production constrained.
Q1, Tesla delivered 1 point uh in 25
Tesla delivered 1.6 million vehicles
down 8.6%. That's not bad considering
there were demand headwinds, but more
importantly, there were production
headwinds.
Uh but there was a complication. Tesla
produced 50,000 more vehicles than it
delivered in Q1. Oh, that's nice. Unless
they mean last year, but Q1 was also
50,000. So either way, uh, so yeah, they
need to cross 46,000.
We've got estimates from the Wall Street
analysts that range from that range as
high as 420. We'll get to my production
estimate, but it is over 420. Climbing
back above that 2-year uh ago level
would mean Tesla has put together two
straight years. So uh what we want is to
see it beat this. Uhhuh. and then the
two-year ago number would be even higher
where the number gets decided. So Europe
has reportedly recently turned from a
weak spot into a source of growth for
the company. We've seen strong sales of
course in the northernmost countries,
the Nordic countries, but we've also
seen strong demand in in Spain. We know
that Tesla's adding more labor to Giga
Berlin and more even later than that. So
next month we'll see a big jump in
production and uh later in the year an
additional jump in production is
expected. Uh now let's talk about US
sales. I know there are some YouTube
prognosticators who are expecting
extremely high numbers uh but I am not
seeing them being extremely high. Let's
just go to the 10 bestselling EVs of
2026 in the US. It's ridiculous. Why are
we starting at 10 when they only sold
3,370 units? That's not a meaningful
number. Uh Cybertruck is in the top 10
with almost none sold. But if we get
down to the 3 and Y, of course at
numbers 1 and two. Tesla Model 3
estimated at 31,000. That's not that
many. And Model Y at 78,000.
Not that many. So if you take those
numbers and you cut them by whatever Q1
had,
it's not that many. Uh the US is not
excited about electrification,
which is very disappointing. Uh but was
expected. Tesla themselves have
published a delivery consensus. They
didn't used to do this. This is nice.
They used to send it out as a investor
relations note, but not to everybody. No
matter how many times you were asked to
be on the correct list, it only went out
to some people sometimes. Very weird. So
what Wall Street is expecting is a
delivery number of 40624.
That may have changed in the last few
days. I know some analysts increased
their estimates and some decrease their
estimates. Um we saw in last quarter
16,000 of all other models. This is a
unique quarter. All other models is
going to be pretty much just Cybertruck.
Well, starting I mean kind of now. Uh we
will have some final SNX sales. We may
even have a few going into next quarter
if there's something kicking around on a
lot somewhere. But uh there is going to
be semi in that number. And eventually
Cyber Cab, I don't know. Marquez
Brownley's bet that it will not be
shipped to a customer under 30,000 this
year may have merit. Uh so that's
something to consider.
not super relevant. 406024
is the delivery number to beat. Uh I did
want to mention that on energy
deployment at 13.8 that number strikes
me as low, especially since last quarter
it was only 8.8.
8.8. Well, we know Leip alone can
produce 10, right? These are big items.
They have to be shipped. They have to be
electrified. Uh so shout out to Dylan
Lumis for being electrified. That's
cool, too.
So what are we looking at? This is Q1.
Here we go. This is what we did in Q1.
Production ended up being 408 386.
Deliveries 358 023.
But that gap is wide. 50,000 units. How
are you going to draw down from 50,000?
Do you want to increase from 50,000
units? 50,000 units either in transit or
awaiting a customer purchase, let alone
delivery is substantial.
Why on earth would you want to increase?
Well, you wouldn't necessarily want to
increase. It's all about logistics. It's
all about where the cars need to be to
capture the customers at the time that
they are ready to purchase. What I'm
seeing here is if something you know a
force majour were to happen that would
be in the favor of electric vehicles
like I don't know just off the top of my
head increasing oil prices. Yeah, you
could draw down from that number. This
quarter I expect to see the production
number be lower than the deliveries
because I imagine there are markets
where vehicle inventory drew down
substantially.
So, should we get into my number? I'm
not feeling super confident except on
production. Production I feel I'm pretty
good at. I track pretty well with that.
Production 420420.
Deliveries slightly higher 431210
on the strength of very strong China
numbers and strong exports. Domestic,
hey, we got the gold medal, but we were
kicked down to the minor leagues. The US
is no longer a major league EV player.
And seeing the number two car in the
whole country at only 33,000 units is
very disappointing for a market this
size. Europe modestly up. That's a
takeaway. I've been asked, will cyber
cabs be counted in these numbers? Uh,
yeah, they'll be counted as production.
They will not be counted as deliveries.
As far as I'm aware, internal deliveries
are not deliveries.
And even if they had some separate
holding company that oh this is the
holding company that holds the cyber
cabs. I don't know if those would still
be counted as deployed until they're
actually deployed.
So that's it. Them's my numbers. Let's
get on to the huge amount of news that
we have. Hey, what's up Urguay? How you
doing? Model 3 and Y are getting closer
and closer. Uruguay, not a big market,
but you want to be in it. You want to be
in all the markets. So, this is great.
And it's nice because Uruguay is not
geographically ginormous in a way that
would make it difficult to cover it in
service centers. I've seen people
saying, "Hey, that BYD Tang or the U9 or
whatever it may be, those are cars we
should sell in the US. I would buy one.
Not I, not necessarily the person
leaving the comment, but someone would
buy them even if they cost double what
they do in China." One problem is they
wouldn't cost double. Double just covers
the tariff. doesn't cover the shipping,
the service centers, the all of that. It
doesn't cover the time lost for the
money. Flooring has a cost uh 1 to 2%
per month that it takes. That adds up
quickly. The real problem is BYD would
not be excited about putting up service
centers all across the US just so that
they could sell a handful of cars. The
US geographically quite large. How's
stock doing? Stock seems to be in a
pretty good mood. is to say buy the
rumors, sell the news. If we get a a
beat tomorrow, uh the second when we
find out, so not tomorrow, but the
following day on Thursday, I will be
live streaming that as well. Will we see
this number soar? Uh historically, no.
Historically, nothing makes it soar on
production delivery numbers. There are
exceptions to that, not very many. If
you were going to try and gamble on
that, some people have been bit trying
to gamble on that. Might as well check
it while we're here. 16980 on SpaceX.
And what is SpaceX even up to? You know,
they're renting out server space, but do
the companies renting the server space
even need it? Interesting. Google caps
Gemini use as AI demand strains
capacity. surging appetite for advanced
models is turning computing power into
the tech industry's scarcest commodity.
And I know somebody who likes to rent it
out. If you are a SpaceX AI investor,
well, could be exciting times. Speaking
of exciting times, I'm going to
Ethiopia. It's a video I put out
yesterday morning, and I'm looking for
some help with that support. If you've
got um the ability to help me get a
cheaper airline ticket, maybe you've got
a cajillion sky miles, I can fly out of
Seattle or Portland to Addis Ababa in
Ethiopia looking for basically between
Thanksgiving and and Christmas.
So, something I'm trying to get done
here. I've got there's a lot of
electrification story I could tell you
all about it or this guy right here
could cuz he knows better than me. Oh,
that's a different shirt at least. Um,
you can help me with that mission by
subscribing. Yeah. Or subscribing. Yeah.
Or just directly. And there's also a
YouTube one-time donation link in the
description. It's not on the description
on this video right now, but I will get
it there. It's on all the other videos.
It's just not on the live ones. It
doesn't autopop populate. Sorry about
that, but it is on my channel. So, let's
cover some other news from outside. Tot
truck may still be on track to deliver
by the end of the year. That would be
cool. We are also seeing what is it? Uh,
Slate may be on track for production by
the end of the year. It may slip into
Q1. If it slips into Q1, I count that as
on time. New company, new product, new
everything.
&gt;&gt; That's always difficult. If you can get
within a quarter of your target, great.
Let's get these on the road, man. Um, at
at worst it can test the theory of do
people actually want these. I think some
do. I'm curious to see what the real
numbers are. Engineering tests of the
first production cyber cab have begun in
Austin. They've got the EPA
certification. They've got the first
responder paperwork. It's all in place.
So great. It's about that time. This
won't happen in the next 10 years. This
won't happen in my lifetime.
kind of looks like it's happening. I'm
just thinking out loud here. So, uh,
yeah, we've got the cars, we've got the
demand, we've even got the batteries,
even though they keep getting stolen
before they even leave the factory. Nine
major suspected cargo thefts happened at
Giga Nevada in January alone, according
to sheriff records obtained by Wired.
What are you do? What's what what
trailers containing millions of dollars
worth of Tesla car and home batteries
have allegedly been stolen straight from
the loading docks at the company's
Nevada facility at least 11 times since
last December. It's an epidemic. And
it's not just Tesla. It's other
companies as well. It's the Wild West,
you guys. What is going on? One alleged
operation that targeted Tesla also
struck battery recycler Redwood
Materials. These figures may be an
undercount because companies are
sometimes reluctant to disclose that
their products have been stolen.
Estimated last year that shipping thefts
in the US doubled from 2022 to 2024,
costing $18 million a day nationwide.
Wow. Uh, that's weird. That's weird. All
the more reason we want cameras
slathered all over these vehicles
connected to the interwebs. Very strange
stuff. Let's mute that. How would you
like to see some fine fine drifting?
Now, there's a important few things
here. One I haven't seen mentioned, but
the one that we have seen mentioned is
the truck remains solid. They kick it
out on purpose to see how well the truck
part can hold on while the trailer is
out of control. But the second part is
look at where the tracks are. They've
done this repeatedly today. This is the
second, third run doing exactly this.
They know how much control they have.
It's a lot of control. Well, this isn't
the real truck. It doesn't look right,
guys. It's just missing the fairing on
top, the one that you would use with a
high trailer. Well, it's not carrying
weight. It is carrying weight. If you
look, you'll see it has concrete blocks
and heavy steel. They just wanted a low
center of gravity because it's testing.
And during testing, if something goes
wrong, which it can cuz you're pushing
the limits, they don't want it to flip
and hurt anybody.
Just something to think about.
Maybe the last time I'm going to mention
this, but we have a big event coming up.
Go Fourth in Long View, Washington. I'll
be hosting an information booth for the
better part of three days on the signup
sheet. I'm not there for all the time
slots, but I'm there. I'll be there. And
uh my gang will be there July 2nd and
3rd. David Moss will be there. Come on
out, ask some FSD questions. Meet the
legend himself. Live music, lumberjack
show, all kinds of great stuff. Got to
check it out. Hey, uh I don't see RA in
here, but I wanted to let you know
there's a new V4 supercharger in
Florence, Oregon. It's open. Head out to
the coast. The coast is one of those
places that's a bit undercovered
historically, but hey. Hey, robot hands.
Robot Hands, guy who left Tesla, um, and
was accused of stealing trade secrets.
Well, they've settled it and now the
company can do an 11 million raise. This
company is trying to get better
controls into the hands of your robots.
Little play on words there. Australia's
first locally built electric bendy bus
unveiled in Perth. Couldn't have called
it a bendy go. Come on, missed
opportunity. Volvo has unveiled
Australia's first locally built battery
electric articulated bus with two
vehicles set to join uh the Transper
Fleet in Western Australia. So that's
cool. Uh you need that. You want that
articulated bus is 18 m long and seats
57 people. Seats. It's not how many it
holds. If you've ever been on a commuter
hour bus, you know people stand. You can
put 100 150 people in those buses. It's
wonderful. My stepdad despised the
oversized buses. Oh, just break them all
down to just put them on uh shuttle
busizes there. Now they're not a
nuisance on the road, my friend. This is
eliminating
six shuttle buses. Come on.
So, don't know if you heard lithium
prices tumble as traders brace for
cattle supply surge. China's lithium
carbonate futures fell nearly 10% in 10
sessions after reports that CL may uh re
reinstate production on their mine.
That'd be cool, I guess. Oh, look at
that. Just sacks of lithium,
which is great. But you've got to have
perspective. This headline says, "Oh my
gosh, lithium's down." But let's uh look
here. Lithium carbonate prices in China
dropped uh to 151750 per ton, lowest
level in three months. So, let's look at
this. This is the the drop that we're
talking about. This is a one-year chart,
you guys. One year. Okay, let's get some
more perspective. Here's the five-year
chart. Oh my gosh, it's collapsing from
from here to here. Oh, it's Oh, it's so
it's collapsing, you guys.
It's perspective. its perspective.
Hey, uh some fun out of the Cybert truck
owners club. Uh this is what the
smugglers bay looks like on the $60,000
Cybert truck, the base model Cybertruck.
As you can see, there is no smuggler's
bay, but I have a socket set, says one
owner. And this is what it actually
looks like. That's a bunch of space,
man. Uh so yeah, kind of interesting.
Kind of fun. How are we doing on time?
Not that it matters. bad. We're We got a
bunch to get through still. No, we're
doing good. We're doing good because
we've got four more. We can get through
it. Uh, this is kind of fun. Sweden just
shipped the most powerful transformer of
its kind ever built. It's not the
biggest transformer ever, but it's the
biggest of this particular kind. 446
tons. This transformer.
Take that, Optimus Prime. The weight of
a loaded 747.
that I don't know what a loaded 747
weighs. Not the best perspective. Why
don't you give it to me in bananas?
Rolling it out of the factory on a 350
ft trailer with over 300 wheels at a
walking pace bound for China to power 10
million homes.
You know about high voltage DC lines,
HVDC, the power lines capable of
transmitting over tremendous distances
with minimal line losses. We're talking
1 2% line losses over the span of a
thousand or more miles. It's one of
those and it uh is critical for that
application. But uh yeah, this is a big
one. That's heavy, man. And it's uh a
little encouraging that the West still
has technology that China can't
effectively make domestically. Gives us
at least a little bit of breathing room.
Europe's largest one gawatt hour iron
air battery will store clean power for
100 hours. One gawatt hour. Yeah, that's
pretty good. It's not huge, but uh iron
air battery.
We need an all of the- above approach.
There are going to be in imbalances in
commodity pricing. And if lithium gets
too expensive, you can do iron or other
things. Take the all of the above
approach. find out what genuinely works
best. Uh, and because you know, you've
got to keep Tesla in your headline. Duo
accused of pushing ramming teen during
Tesla's supercharger spat in Aventura.
Two men attacked a teenager in a at a
supercharger. One of the men is accused
of pushing the 17-year-old while the
other is accused of backing into him.
Hey man, I got a charge and I don't care
who I hurt to do it.
silly. You don't really hear about the
fights at Costco gas stations. Maybe you
should. And last story before we get
into the Q&amp;A, if you have questions to
get to, I do appreciate this uh little
update here. It's about 2 million
bananas. That's a lot of potassium.
Um if you have questions, if you have
thoughts, uh share them. I will be
getting to the comments. We will be
discussing them momentally.
So, what we've got here is, yeah, 10,000
EVs use its sodium batteries this year.
Please be careful with stories like
this. Until something is real, it isn't
real. For 2 years, I've been dealing in
the comments with people saying, "Well,
Tesla's done. They're not even using
sodium, right? Because no one is. Sodium
2 years ago was only out a handful of
vehicles in China in very short range
applications. Think 50 to 80 miles of
range. That's not something that Tesla
would be interested in two years ago.
Sodium batteries have gotten better.
They continue to get better. They still
have some headroom, but they still have
some challenges. Sodium ions are bigger
than lithium ones. Sodium atoms are
bigger than lithium ones. That is going
to limit the amount of gravimetric of uh
volutric energy you can store within the
cells.
These could be great. These could help a
lot of people. These could be right in a
lot of applications. They're just
beginning to scale. Let's hold off on
judgment until we actually see them at
scale. 10,000 EVs by the end of the year
could have it. So, that's great. Hey,
should we get into the Q&amp;A? I think we
should. I'll pull this over here.
Hopefully, we don't have anything too
crazy going on. Uh because we've got,
you know, 7 minutes left. By the way, I
will be live streaming the production
delivery announcement on Thursday
morning. are right and early. I will be
joined by John Twig, my co-host. And
yeah, let's uh have some fun with that
as we do. All right. Uh-huh. LFG indeed.
Howdy. Good morning to all. And of
course, David, the rain in Spain falls
mainly on the plane. Perhaps a reference
to a joke I made on Randy Kirk's channel
that probably came out this morning.
It's hot. And if it isn't,
you'll see. David, it's hot in the And
by the way, David, did you see that
video? It's hot in the Southland. Hot.
Southern Ontario. 5,000° and 600%
humidity. I, no fact check needed. I'm
going to just take your word for it.
That sounds believable. And I joke, but
there are people who read things more
hyperbolic than that and go, "Well, I
read
cool and dry here east of Seattle. Hey,
are you coming down to the Long View Go
for Fourth Festival July 2nd, 3rd, and
4th? Second and third yet to meet David
Moss and me.
You're coming in winning. Cool and dry
evening. All 102 heat index in central
Florida. 700% humidity. I believe it. I
believe it. Florida famously a bit
muggy. New Orleans 84 heading to 94 and
sunny. All others uh will also include
cyber cab uh internal use production.
Yeah. Yeah. We will see those show up as
production.
Joe's is here. Hey, welcome. Will Tesla
start reporting how many cyber caps they
produce, not as a separate line item. I
don't know. I don't know if we're ever
going to see that broken out. We have to
at some point, but we thought it was
great that they were showing us Model 3
production and well, it's 3y. Well,
that's not helpful. What are you going
to do in Cybertruck? Well, they'll have
to break out Cybertruck other
other. It's unique among manufacturers.
Most manufacturers are a bit more
transparent about how many of each model
they sell. Some going as far as to break
it out by market. I think it's Nissan
where you can see every vehicle's volume
by market.
Whoever donated enough Sky Miles to get
from Seattle to Tacoma is a genius.
Well, that was pretty funny. Uh that was
I forget who now, but yesterday someone
said in the comments, "I got enough to
do that." It's like, well, thank you.
That's very sweet and I appreciate it.
T, how have I never seen this ridiculous
thing, right? Uh, I like your production
estimate. 42420. Double nice. T is cool,
ugly, and cost competitive versus Slate.
Slate is a perfect teenage first
vehicle, but a used Tesla at the same
price is better. It'll be interesting to
see if Slate or TE can scale. Slate is
dependent on scaling. 25,000.
Well, the first car off any assembly
line costs millions, perhaps billions of
dollars. The more you make, the cheaper
it gets. Can Slate, T, and really
anybody survive long enough? Sell enough
units to get the economies of scale to
kick in?
Unknown right now. I'm hopeful for all
of them. Teletruck is quite compelling.
My personal use case screams for the
slate, but I'm not normal. And Norma
isn't normal. I I auto correct those
dang bloody Caesars. I love them. Yeah,
the Caesars. Hey, uh we should have a
month for Julius Caesar and a month for
Caesar Augustus. Even though it makes
all of our other months like October
with an eight in the name be the 10th
month and December with a 10 in the name
become the 12th month. Well, how many
days should Well, they have to have the
most number of days. They have to at
least be tied. Even though they're back
to back, they have to. You can't put one
Caesar above another.
Steal the days from February. It already
gets a free day anyhow. Ridiculous.
Made it from Nottingham, UK.
Deep in what's left of Sherwood Forest.
Uh entourage for the European uh for the
Ethiopian trip. I can buy my own ticket.
We are considering that. uh me and my
buddy who are going to be there uh would
be interested in opening it up to more
folks if you'd like to join me in
Adisaba. That's something we can
probably make happen. Mhm. About 2
million bananas. That's just that's just
quality math is what it is. Is it
accurate though? Cuz that seems even
that seems low. What about school kids
want uh waiting in the bus pickup area?
Won't they miss the fumes? Won't someone
think of the poor diesel huffing fans?
It makes me nostalgic. And honestly, it
does make me nostalgic when I go to an
airport and it's just fumes. I'm like, I
remember these days. I'm also late, but
I'm here. Welcome, Brad. Remember,
clicking like is free and gives a free
Cybertruck to everyone that gives a
thumbs up. I did not know that. That is
brand new information. I'm hearing this
for the first time. Nope. But I'm going
to go watch Ry's video next. If it's the
one that I'm in, there is you'll it'll
blow your mind. What is your opinion on
Roana not funding US8 himself? Just
kidding. Sorry. Yeah, I don't have an
opinion on that. I don't I've heard the
name. I don't follow it. Um, but I'll
tell you that the people who don't like
paying taxes always have very creative
reasons why they don't like to pay tax,
why they shouldn't pay tax. It doesn't
matter. We're not tax dollars are not
going to spend things. We're just going
in debt to our eyeballs. We are on a
speedrun uh for that. Tesla's a victim
of its popularity when news outlets
specifically name it after a crash into
a building like the one in California 16
hours ago. You never hear Ford, well,
Ford Corolla. There's a reason you don't
hear that. That'd be a Toyota Corolla
crashed into something. Yeah. And we
covered that yesterday on the news. All
kinds of pictures of crashes, all kinds
of headlines. Not once did it mention
the brand of the vehicle. And it's
because putting Tesla in the title makes
the haters click it. They can't help it.
And then we click it. We can't help it.
It's a winning strategy.
If you want views, that's how you get
some guys in the comments. Oh, you know
what? We should cover the the poll. Um,
yes, everyone is saying solid beat over
400. Not, you know, that leaves a big
big range because only 8,000 over
estimate, 7,500 over estimate. Um, yeah,
we can very likely do that. That's the
runaway winner. Uh, we'll go ahead and
end that poll because what are we doing
if we're not ending it, guys? What did I
miss? What did I misunderstand? Oh, I
apologize. I left the ghost up the whole
time, guys. What did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it. Enter them in
the comments below. And everyone else,
like, subscribe, do what you do. And
stay tuned. Stay juicy. And of course,
you have to let me know if you're
catching it on the replay.
See you Thursday.