Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Everything Is Finally Working for Tesla
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhk_hwem5UI
Published:   2026-07-03 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-03 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For years, Tesla investors have been
waiting for all of Tesla's businesses to
start growing at the same time. That
moment may finally be here. Tesla just
announced the new six-seat Model Y L is
coming to the US this September. QT
deliveries came in at nearly 480,000
vehicles, crushing expectations and
marking Tesla's best second quarter
ever. Energy also delivered another
record quarter. The first production
CyberCab is now testing autonomous rides
in Austin. and Ashra Kalaswami just
rolled out FSE version 14 light to AI3
vehicles. Today we'll look at why
Tesla's next growth phase may finally be
underway. We got the bulls here with us
today. We got the power bowl, the queen
Tesla boomer mama Alexander Mertz. We
got the rationable, also known as Mr.
Incredible, the executive Jeff Lutz. And
we got the bot, the master forecaster,
the slayer of spreadsheets, CERN Basher.
Welcome everyone.
&gt;&gt; Hey Herbert. Hi, Herbert.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Herbert.
&gt;&gt; Here we are. Jeeoff. Did you Did you
bring your beer?
&gt;&gt; I already have one nearby.
&gt;&gt; Let me let me let me let me interrupt
you. I think the whole community is so
grateful what the two of you have done
with Lars this week. This was I mean it
was actually end of last week, right?
Wasn't it? And I think we should use a
little bit of this segment for you to
tell us a little bit behind the scenes
how this was all set up.
&gt;&gt; I mean, great job. So fun of both of
you. Well done.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I appreciate it. Yeah, let's do that
as it is fun. Uh here's a beautiful
photo and uh and Jeff will will tell you
that I I wanted it to be like this and
very fortunately it turned out that you
know very intimate small table. We're
close to each other. I'm like hugging
Jeff. People are telling me Jeff like
why did I stick you right the right
beside the tree?
&gt;&gt; Okay.
Jeff looks so good there. Lars looks
good there. It's great.
&gt;&gt; And then uh and then the beers and then
of course you know Lars did that. So
yeah, that's uh what what you you know
what what kind of kind of questions you
want to ask
&gt;&gt; the company and the product. I don't
look at the quarterly stock movement.
&gt;&gt; A very realistic bull questioning
certain decisions.
&gt;&gt; The rational bull enjoy listening to
bears.
&gt;&gt; We're looking for the red flags. You're
supposed to react. The longerterm
opportunity for Tesla is like no other
company that I've ever seen.
&gt;&gt; So I mean I know some of the answers but
I think the public may not. So I think
we should start with that. Was this a
sort of a lastm minute decision? You
wanted to do that or how did this all
come around?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, not a last minute decision. So
what happened was I had actually met
Lars at the Tesla owner Silicon Valley
event. What was it a year ago? Maybe two
years a year and a half ago was it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And uh I was backstage. Remember
we were just about to go on our Cyber
Bowls panel and uh he had just finished
&gt;&gt; so I w Yeah. I went up to him and I said
oh Lawrence I want to introduce myself
and uh you know he actually said I know
who you are. He goes you are famous. I
go what? He goes how are you dealing
with fame? And I said well you're the
one that's dealing with fame. You've
you've had this for decades. Uh but he
just said uh you know he that they watch
our show and I was just very you know
touched by the fact that you know Tesla
executives watch the Cyber Bowls uh and
they listen to the kind of conversations
we're having. So I thought that that was
uh very touching. Of course I'm not
going to you know bother him. And then
about two months ago I sent him a note
saying hey wouldn't it be great if we
could meet with you? And so yeah that's
how this kind of finally came together.
So the big announcement that we're all
waiting for on July 7th was just a
coincidence to be happening close to
this interview date. You don't have the
feeling this was in any way, you know, a
specific timing that Tesla wanted,
right? This natural flow of information
just came to finally happen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If you listen to the interview, he
actually asks the question, so wait,
when is this interview going to be
published?
&gt;&gt; And then is that Tuesday? And he goes,
okay, so a week from Tuesday. said no
that I don't think that that was the
case but I will mention this and kudos
to uh Jeff what happened was uh they
initially just gave us 30 minutes and so
you know Jeff and I going is it worth it
for us to fly there meet him for 30
minutes but we said yeah let's let's
still do it and then we sent them the
list of questions and then they all of a
sudden the time went up to 45 minutes
and then uh the administrator said it
was you know really enjoy they like the
questions and then the day of increase
it to 1 hour. So Jeff's questions uh
enough of mine, right? Jeff, come on. It
wasn't just all yours, but uh you know,
you your great questions. He really
piqued his interest. And this is why we
designed it this way that it was me and
Jeff because it was going to be a
manufacturing factory kind of questions,
right Jeeoff? Your thoughts?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean just how does Tesla make
products and how are the decisions made
and what does it mean to some of the
biggest product lines under development?
the cyber cab and and Optimus and that's
how where we you know played off each
other in the questions and I could tell
that he appreciated the questions and he
had that he thought through them
actually and I mean he he knows this
stuff intrinsically very well but he
wanted to kind of think through and have
a framework for his for his answers. So,
it it was a good it was a good
conversation and then we went uh we went
off script certainly with some of the
followup and a lot of the there were
some other questions where we just fired
him out there and he was very gracious
and answered them. But I think it's
there's not a lot of conversations seems
like a lot of the conversations with
Tesla and with Elon primarily
are just about what's the next product
coming out? Tell me about Optimus. Tell
me about the cyber cab.
talk in in give me your next promise on
autonomy versus I do think they
sometimes they do want to talk about uh
how do they make their products and why
are they different why can they have
this footprint in the United States
making EVs profitably and no one else
can
why why can these learnings then be
ported into building maybe the biggest
product line ever optimist probably will
be the biggest product line ever it's
very likely and how do how do those
lessons get ported in. What does it mean
for Optimus? And and and during those
conversations,
Lars was very generous with his
information telling us about the
readiness of the cyber cab line. And
there if you could interpret some of the
comments that were made, some of them
were manufacturing
lingo, some of them weren't, but if you
can interpret what he was saying, you'd
understand where they're at in the both
the development and launch of CyberCap
and and Optimus.
&gt;&gt; So, what was your interpretation? Where
do you think they are?
&gt;&gt; There's a clear I mean there was a clear
direction given on Optimus and I I even
sent a post a couple days ago which I
think I think the the production the
first production Optimus and the start
of production is imminent. That could be
a month or two in my opinion. It could
be in this quarter. Um now of course
something could come up a new problem
could arise and it could it could delay
that. But when he answered about the
automation readiness, the percent
readiness, the fact that stuff was being
it's called a field acceptance testing,
very common industry term and that's uh
or or final acceptance testing. And
that's a stage right before the
automation is verified either in the
factory or in the in the facility that
made the automation using the settings
and the programming that would be used
in the final factory. That's a very
that's a statement that says you're
imminent and and then all of a sudden
you saw Elon do a line walk through and
post uh you know a couple days later and
that to me it all kind of fit together
that there was basically or there is a
complete setup to build an Optimus maybe
fully automated maybe some stations
semi-automated but they can build an
Optimus now and the question now is is
that setup what they want confirm it and
then repeat it. So I think imminent.
&gt;&gt; So you were in Fremont, right? Um and
that's the line that Elon walked as well
when that picture was taken probably a
day or two later. You were there Friday.
This picture I think came out on
Tuesday. Correct.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I won't disclose our exact
location, but we right we were in we
were in Fremont. And there's several
Tesla engineering uh offices and uh we
were in we were in one of them. And uh,
of course, if Tesla would like to uh
invite invite us back, we'd love to to
walk through the Optimus line.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then Elon replied to uh
actually Dr. Jack if I remember right.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um who was very enthusiastic on how much
progress he thought Optimus was already
doing and Elon replied with Optimus
production will be extremely slow at
first and I don't think that's very
surprising nor contrary to what L said.
Yes, Jeff.
&gt;&gt; Correct. In fact, I mean, there's I
guess some people interpreted like, oh,
Optimus is ahead of schedule or
everything's great. And I think all he's
saying is that we're at a stage right
now where we validated a lot of the
automation and this is what you have to
do on every project. But anything that's
new new where it's never been done
before by by you Tesla in this situation
or quite frankly to you know the
industry building a a type of humanoid
like this with the kind of capability it
has you you are um just ripe for
surprise after surprise after surprise.
So the the surprise factor can add you
know delays and but they have a they
clearly have a plan and I think they're
clearly uh imminent. Uh so now it comes
down to you know just this final
execution and you know do you find any
other problems. The other thing is like
we don't know just because you can build
an Optimus doesn't mean you can build
10,000 or 100,000. So we don't know what
the picture looks like.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We don't know what the supply
picture looks like yet. But what we do
know is they've moved on that Fremont
factory. They've cleared out SNX and
they don't by the way they don't have to
clear out all the equipment to to fit in
one of these setup. I mean, ideally they
would want to do that, but they don't
have to. They could be clearing out SNX
and starting to bolt in the new uh
Optimus equipment. It's not a one for
one thing. These lines are going to be
are going to be different.
&gt;&gt; So, Herbert, I I want to come back to
suppliers in a second and also how they
lived through the two shocks and how he
explained that and the flat hierarchy in
in Tesla because I found that was, you
know, passion how he he explained all
that. But so Herbert, so you were
sitting in front of these two monsters,
Jeff and Lars, and uh how did you feel?
Like a kid in a candy store?
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. It was I told
Jeff afterwards, I felt like you guys
were reading each other's minds.
And uh part of the reason why I think
Lars loosened up a lot and it's just
recognizing that there's people here
that actually kind like understand
there's Jeff who lived it has done this
at a at a factory level a scale level
and uh they were like nodding each
other. They were like repeating each
other's sentences and I thought that was
pretty cool. This is uh what we wanted
to do, right? And that's why Yeah. We I
kind of like, you know, let Jeff sit
beside have him. Look at that intimate
look there,
&gt;&gt; you know. And I'm sitting there far off.
No, I let him I I did this. I designed
this.
&gt;&gt; But your your beer bottle stayed full.
So I did.
&gt;&gt; People said that. Yeah. Yeah, they said
that. But I'm busy telling people I'm
like I'm thinking about my next
questions. I'm thinking I'm I'm
absorbing and I'm enjoying the thing.
I'm not here to but yes you know the
funny thing about the beer bottles was
um I had told Jeff before you know ideal
scenario for me it's not the conference
table where people are sitting beside
it's not the panel you know and you're
sitting on the stage and you're facing
forward which is so common I like the
cheeky pint model have you seen that
where they have their podcast and
they're in a bar and they're facing each
other face to face and they're looking
at each other
&gt;&gt; in a booth and they're drinking their
beers
&gt;&gt; and so I said you know that would be
ideal. So when we got there, they had
four people who were so nice to make
sure we got what we wanted. And so they
moved tables, like the giant table. They
said, "No worries." Yeah, anything you
guys want. We finally found the small
table and then found a plan then. And I
said, "Okay, that's good." And ideally,
we'd have beers. Lars comes in, we say,
"Hello." And I tell him, "Yeah, this is
great. Thank you." And he was wondering,
"Why am I being put in a tiny table like
this?" And I said, "Well, because it'd
be nice to, you know, kind of have this,
you know, beer thing." And he goes, "Oh,
you want beer?
He spent 10 minutes. He said, "No
worries." He, you know, he got somebody
to go up to his office and he's got
beers and he brought him down. So, it
was uh great.
&gt;&gt; I wonderful because that's part of the
whole the whole setup and you did so
well. So, so it did last one hour once
you were starting the interview. Is is
that how the timing worked?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I was wanted to be very
respectful of his time and so absolutely
cut it. But uh he he spent more than he
had promised and so I appreciated that
because obviously we we were like
spending maybe 10 15 minutes just
hanging talking before the recording
started. So
&gt;&gt; yeah and I think we should also do a
quick shout out to Tesla owner Silicon
Valley's team. Maybe you want to explain
that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you to John and Kelvin. uh
they were they stood up because you know
I I do a lot of uh these kind of shows
and I just needed somebody who knew what
they were doing with the right uh
equipment and they just said yeah we'll
do it and we'll do it for free and we
just wanted to help you out. So thank
you so much to Tesla owners Silicon
Valley. They're standup guys and uh
they're just wonderful folks. I mean
took time off their day to come out
there just to help me out. So
&gt;&gt; what a community I mean it is wonderful.
Now Jeff, I want to continue picking
your brains and certain please chim chim
because I I have a lot of questions.
don't feel you know obligated to to only
let me do this but the so the two topics
I want to get to is one how they
mastered supply during COVID and now the
tariffs and how he explained you know
how well Tesla had been preparing for
that and the other was the flat
hierarchy you know if you want to see
Jessica down and I mean I obviously
remember Jessica because was a female
name so I was all happy that it's not
only guys so maybe you want to explain
that in more detail how you why you ask
these questions and how you were happy
with the responses.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, because the they're two co
together. If they weren't the org wasn't
as flat as it was, if the managers
aren't doers where they actually know
the jobs under them, they're not hired
in to to manage the people solely. They
are mostly hired in because they could
actually do the work of everybody. So
they understand when when their
engineers bring them a problem, they can
put themselves immediately in their
shoes and give them uh really meaningful
direction on what to do. But on on the
on the responsiveness and to COVID to
other supply shocks, we have a memory
supply shock and you saw what happened
with the other automakers. They have
something they have something called
engineering and supply chain vertical
integration. Meaning on the engineering
vertical integration side, it's you
there are c there are companies that
farm out portions of their design to
other companies to let them do it,
right? You know, for example, Bosch does
a lot of work in the auto industry.
There's there's uh suppliers that do the
instrument panels. There's all that
stuff is done inside of Tesla and that
engineering vertical integration and the
supply chain vertical integration. So
when you want to solve a supply problem,
you want to reduce latency from the
system and you've got a a disruption,
you've got a you've got a discontinuity
in supply, the fastest way to do it is
to be able to qualify an alternative
source and to get that alternative
source or the same part from an
alternative site up as quickly as
possible. Well, how do you do that?
Well, if your engineering's farmed out
all over the world, you're going to have
all these layers you've got to work
through. and they've got their
qualification standards and their
priorities and their timelines. In this
case, it was our lines are down. It
costs us this much amount of money per
day when our lines are down. And so,
we're going to take every every engineer
basically is a manufacturing engineer.
And what whether regardless of what
their job is, their job is to engineer a
solution and drop it into the factory
that works. And when you're engineering
vertically integrated and when you're
manufacturing oriented towards supply
and cost and of course performance, you
get the kind of COVID response that that
Tesla had. And a lot of people didn't
understand it. And a lot of the bears
were like, "Oh, they're cutting corners.
They're doing all these things." No. I
mean, Lars was telling us, you know,
he's on the phone with a supplier
talking about different tolerance values
of certain parts. and the suppliers,
they're just not used to having the vice
president of engineering go through and
just make those decisions. Usually,
it's, you know, it's got to go through
any exception, it's got to go through
all these different layers. So, I won't
keep the conversation too dry here other
than to say that their flatness of their
org. So, a lot of these orgs have seven
to nine layers, meaning from the
engineer, there's a manager, a senior
manager, uh director, a senior director,
you know, some of these seven to nine
layers. And I mean, we didn't get into
that. I mean, that'd be proprietary
information. If they want to share it at
some point, they can, but I it sounds
like they have far fewer layers uh at
Tesla. And that means faster decision-
making and that means managers that are
able to, you know, step in and do the
job if needed. So, that's a that's a
superpower. And you can say like, well,
okay, you just described it. Why doesn't
every company do it? It's hard to do.
It's culture. It's embedded in culture.
That's, you know, and that starts from
Elon. When Elon has these meetings and
he brings the engineers into the room
and he wants to hear directly from the
engineer, what intrinsically happens in
those situations is you start reducing
the layers between the people because if
they're already talking to Elon and
they're already able to converse in that
manner, um, so many management layers
just aren't needed.
&gt;&gt; Jeeoff, I'm curious about what you
thought about L. Lars's response to your
question about an auto manufacturer
making robots uh as well as the
narrative out there that you know that
they have no clue how to make consumer
electronics. Um and I thought he gave a
great response.
&gt;&gt; That was my question dude.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I'm sorry Herbert. I should give
you credit for that. Um I'm curious
about Jeff's thought then your
question's response to your question.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, I mean, that could have
gone into a longer debate and in a more
nuanced discussion because when you look
at the humanoid and you look at the the
volutric density of components and cable
routing and flex circuit routing inside
of the chest cavity relative to all of
the complexity of the limbs, the hand,
the head movement, I to me that is auto
industry that is built for the auto
industry. In fact, there's very few
smartphone makers that have the
mechanical expertise to actually deal
with that. I mean, actually, Motorola
was one of them in basically invented
and modernized the flip phone and but
that's only a a small a small portion of
it. So, I agree with him on the
mechanical piece of it. I would just say
that there's there's a broader
conversation to have about the um the
volumetric density of what's going on in
the humanoid's chest and the head. And I
I mean I'll just leave it. I think
there's a broader discussion. Uh I agree
with his answer in terms of Z-axis
assembly in terms of just the the phone
is a rectangle and these humanoids are
like they're the shape of a human body.
So, when you think about how do you how
do these things go down the line and
what orientation how do what what
orientation is the leg in when it goes
down the line? Is it on the back of the
leg? Is it on the side? And how do you
think through these things? And how do
you make sure you have the right
tolerances to assemble this thing when
it's not a square? When it's a square or
a rectangle, it fits great inside of
Delrin, inside of fixtures. It fits
wonderfully and beautifully with great
tolerances. Nothing moves. You can have
precision torque guns come down and
automated torque gun and do all these
different things when it's this leg and
it can be rolling around or it's an arm.
Now the the fixturing and the
automation, you know, is a at a whole
new level. So my guess is there are
things on Optimist will never see that
are related that would help them locate
that and deal with that in a
manufacturing environment. But I I agree
with his answer largely that but I don't
think it's any automaker. I think it's I
think it's Tesla. And I also think that
their Starlink experience that Starlink
factory is the most advanced
uh call it electronics factory probably
in the United States. And that's an
arguable statement. Someone's going to
debate me. Well, what about what's going
on in uh Arizona with TSMC? Totally
totally different thing. Totally
different thing. I'm talking about
assemb electronics assembly and test. I
mean Starlink is bringing in bags of
dust essentially resin dust and and the
output are these beautiful Starlink
antennas that are communicating with
satellites. They are doing the endtoend
thing. So inside of Elon's world, he
certainly has the experience to deal
with that electronic volutric density,
which I think is,
you know, the smartphone world is more
attuned to, and then of course the rest
of the bot. So yeah, that could have
been a longer discussion, but
&gt;&gt; I I agree with a lot of his response,
too.
&gt;&gt; It was a great question, Herbert. Thank
you.
Uh, Alexander, what you think about his
answer about uh SpaceX and Tesla, how
they're working together? He kind of
said something like, "Well, it's not
like we're one company, but we're
certainly one mind, but it does sound
like they're one company."
&gt;&gt; Would I expect Lars to be on a committee
working actively on a merger? No.
because this is something that a very
small handful of board members,
executives
more in the finance field and in the
legal field will tackle. I don't think
you want to have somebody like Lars or
France who are busy and their days are
full also associated with all this
engineering on the financial and legal
side. So I wouldn't even surprise
if he would have known anything but even
let's say he knew something he certainly
didn't let it transpire and if he didn't
know something he gave the perfect
answer because yes they are already
working together which is one of our
main arguments that it should be one and
it will be one as you know I am on my
merger ship and we'll sail that ship for
quite a while now let me get back to let
me get back to um supply because what I
I wouldn't say what learned. But I I
felt a deep respect for Tesla suppliers,
right? I mean, in my very uneducated
manufacturing world, Tesla was a lot of
vertical integration and then some
suppliers from listening to Lars on
Friday aired on on Tuesday. Um, I had
the feeling there was a deep respect
down to T3, even T4. Am I correct, Jeff?
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. and and I've I've t a lot of
Tesla suppliers are were former
suppliers of of mine as well and you
know there's there's kind of a you know
there's kind of like a quick take on you
know OEMs in the industry and the quick
take on Tesla is tough but fair and I I
do think that they strive for win-win. I
do think that they try to get suppliers
set up to where they're not just trying
to bankrupt them and get the lowest
price and get all their supply and you
know it is what it is. If our demand
changes, you know, screw you, we're
going to stick you with whatever. I
mean, I'm sure there are situations and
there's disputes, but on the on the like
for the large for the large part portion
of this, they've been in growth mode. I
mean, except for the last two years,
they've been in growth mode. And even in
the last two years, they've whittleled
the model size down of what they're
working on. So if you get a Model Y
award, you've got the the biggest award
in the auto industry. That's that's just
the truth. So yeah, they have deep
respect for their suppliers. And
basically the model is they're not Tesla
is not the kind of company to just dial
something up and say, "Okay, well,
they've got capability. Just let them do
it and bring it in." If a supplier is
doing a part for Tesla, what Tesla does
is they will have a supplier
engineering or a supplier realization
team that will go in and work with that
supplier. So, the part is made like a
Tesla part. Even though it's not in a
Tesla factory, it's made like a Tesla
part. It's made to their standards. And
I think what they've been doing over the
last year or two is they've been
networking probably a lot of data. And I
think this is where the the Tesla AI
piece of this is. I think they're
they're creating deep connections with
meaningful suppliers on critical parts.
Doesn't have to be every part, but on
critical parts. I think they are
creating some fairly meaningful
connections to where there is upstream
early visibility of are you making a
part that's going to be perfect when it
comes to my facility. And if I may add,
and that may actually be a good bridge
to to more topics. I mean, first of all,
thank you. Thank you to both of you for
having taken the trip, for having taken
the risk that it may have ended up only
with 30 minutes and being able to
actually do more than double of that,
for I think now a really good connection
between the Cyber Bulls and uh and the
Tesla executives because who knows
what's next, but uh we're certainly
going to try to work on it. So, this was
perfect. Now, I want to get back
actually to what you said um the
stagnant growth. I actually think that
today's delivery numbers
are what Gene Müster this morning called
the end of eation
because if you consider that there were
barely any model SNX now in in these
numbers. So if you would retroengineer
what was usually reserved for the models
SNX this was nearly a 30% increase and
we would have been at one of the we were
the fourth highest quarter ever but this
could have been the highest quarter ever
if SNX was still part of it. So, um this
was certainly a good surprise and um
despite the market not understanding
anything and getting ready for a long
weekend and their barbecuing, um it um
it was certainly the first impactful
good news
on production and well on delivery
numbers for a long time. Don't you all
agree?
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Go ahead, Jeeoff.
&gt;&gt; No, I I've been talking a lot. Please go
ahead.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, and Herbert and I just actually
did a show before this that'll it'll air
on Saturday, I suppose. But yeah, I
think it's very encouraging and we're
also seeing signs of, you know, record
production in China uh sales uh and
hiring and ramping up production in in
in Giga Berlin and all that's inc
encouraging. The global business for
Tesla on the auto side is really picking
up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. hiring in Berlin when Folkswagen
announces well announces their rumors at
the moment but they are not they're not
disputed anymore that they will have to
lay off up to 100,000 people at the same
time then uh Giga Berlin is uh expanding
&gt;&gt; is growing by another 20% they announced
a 20% increase couple months ago then
another 20% increase because probably in
the Model Y is uh taking off and also
obviously just the rebound beyond the
the car numbers we'll cover some of that
here. But beyond the car numbers, the
comment that Loris made that the cyber
cabab is on track to what they expected.
90% of automation is in place at this
point, which is uh actually, you know,
he was shocked that he thought that
there would be more problems. That is
the signal right there. That's the
signal that the cyber cabab is on track
and then uh we'll see what happens. We
we'll talk what we think is going to
happen on Tuesday, but a lot of people
when he teased and said that good news
will be announced on Tuesday, a lot of
people thought it was going to be model
Yel, but this is uh they kind of
announced it already. So, this is
looking forward to a long weekend and
they had this beautiful photo of this
dog with the uh lengthen dog. Uh Jeff
made this funny fun photo and he put the
model Y L right along. So, that that
makes sense. Uh there is a Easter egg
where the tag of the dog looks like a
plaid. So I don't know if that's a
&gt;&gt; launch edition. That's a launch edition
badge.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha. And then of course uh right away
they launched it. So here it is. Here's
the Model Y. And Tesla did announce uh
that they officially launched it in the
US starting with a limited edition
premium all-wheel drive. Oh, so that
badge is not just um plaid. It's also
it's a limited edition badge.
&gt;&gt; There's a different badge for plaid. The
plaid badge actually is from uh the
Space Balls.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I know, but I thought they look alike.
They're slightly different.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's kind of a similar kind of
like a star kind of
&gt;&gt; Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, similar.
&gt;&gt; So, this is uh $61,000.
Um and yeah, I won't read all this. You
can read it all the things that come
with this car, but we already know it's
being sold in China. It's being sold in
Europe, and it's it's doing really well.
here source said delivers in US or in
October but he went and corrected it and
says actually it is September is uh when
it's actually going to be delivered. So
this is the you know US and Puerto Rico.
Uh yeah it's a big deal right because
this is the United States. They did it
right here on the second half of the
year. So uh this happens to be on track
to what they were hoping to do.
&gt;&gt; Sorry Herbert can you go back to the
corrected post comes with uh powershare.
Interesting. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think he had 88 kilowatt
hours battery, but corrected it to 83
and deliveries in September. That's
great.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I
&gt;&gt; I'm glad that they're doing this in the
US because I got a one of the you I got
one of the more recent Model X's and I'm
so glad I have it. I've thought I was
going to have to have this car for
whatever how many years. But it's nice
to know that there's a, you know, that
config, that 6C configuration is very
nice. And what they've done in the
second row of this car, I think, is even
better than the Model X. So, this is to
me going to be a huge winner. Very high
part reuse with the existing Model Y, be
great for supply chain, and uh should be
a huge winner. I'm so, you know, the 619
is to me feels a little bit high, but
we'll see what they It sounds like they
just have a lot of demand. Looks like
the the prices were raised in Korea
across the board, I think, on almost
every model this week. So, that's
typically a sign of your order book
significantly outstripping your ability
to supply and you've got to get some
sort of ratchet on it.
&gt;&gt; What is Xander doing? He has a order for
a model a Tesla semi. He bought the
Cybert truck right when it came out. He
just bought the refreshed model or the
what the Model S the
&gt;&gt; the whatever the edition like the final
edition.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then then he just bought the
model
&gt;&gt; for his mama. This is the way you all
should be with your mothers. I I'm
trying to be like that. I think I mean I
don't really know why. probably for the
grandchildren you would need three rows.
So actually if my kids are watching
please make grandchildren then please
&gt;&gt; then you need a model. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This is going to be a big seller
for the uh for us and then certain and I
did a show so he'll explain not only
that but also FSD is a huge deal uh FSD
adoption uh he certain mapped that out.
So this is it six almost 60,000 more
deliveries than was uh projected
consensus which was 420. So
&gt;&gt; consensus was 406 I thought
&gt;&gt; oh
&gt;&gt; yeah consensus early consensus was 46
which was more or less the same growth
rate we would have seen in previous
quarters. Then the whisper number the
last couple of days was 420. That's what
really brought that 13% stock
appreciation since uh end of last week.
And then it was uh sell on the numbers
right once it was out. I mean it was
&gt;&gt; I think Troy was actually at 466 which
was surprisingly high. And then um James
I cannot far enough was the one who was
at 480. So uh kudos to them because they
really saw it coming.
&gt;&gt; Um and then it was a sell-off. I mean it
was crazy. The stock first went to 430
and then it went down below 400 again.
It is what it is. I mean stock market is
just unpredictable for Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Can we talk about the other models
number for a minute? How many SNX do we
think are in that 12,000 versus Cybert
truck and versus other
&gt;&gt; I'm not sure because they they started
at least on the production numbers they
started producing the and delivering the
the 59 or 69k cyber trucks. There could
be a significant number of those in
there.
&gt;&gt; How many of that special series did they
do? I don't remember anymore. Is it
&gt;&gt; just 250 of the S and 150 of X?
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, that's not it. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I had the feeling I saw pictures
everywhere. I imagine it was a huge
number.
&gt;&gt; I saw just some of the commentary on X
about, you know, the market reaction.
First off, nobody really understands and
can explain can explain single day
reactions. we could guess at it and
sometimes we're guessing when it's going
up and we're guessing when it's going
down or they announce this or they but
it's really difficult to know but this
whole commentary and I'm sorry if I'm
offending anybody about um it was buy
the rumor sell the news
well explain what happened with Rivian
then because if you overlay the charts
for the last 30 days they essentially
made the same the exact same move over
the last couple of weeks and both of
them beat handily in terms of their of
their delivery numbers. One one
company's building and shipping 480,000
cars and one built and shipped 12,000
cars. But put that to the side. One
company's going to be extremely uh
profitable within this quarter with
doing this
and but Rivian have had a great day in
terms of the market reaction. So there's
definitely different dynamics, but this
whole thing of like oh it was it
everybody just wants to have an answer
like just here's an answer. it's it was
this but we ultimately we actually we
don't know so
uh you know we'll see what happens from
here it's a single day I don't think a
single day charts the course for the
rest of the company for uh the rest of
the year but there's I think there's
going to be some very encouraging signs
going into earnings what happened with
energy what happened with inventory
probably going into the upper teens in
terms of days of inventory so cash is
should be in a pretty decent position
um gross margin should be in a pretty
good position and you know we'll we'll
have to see what happens but I I I also
think the market's kind of just in this
weird state of it you know are we going
to go down the AI path and the AI
supported companies or are we going to
flip to something everybody thinks
there's some rotation happening but it's
probably just a a a one or two day thing
because we're back into earnings season
we're within 3 weeks we're going to
start MAG7 big tech earnings in Tesla
will be in there, too. And it's going to
be hard to deny the earnings growth of
these of these AI companies. So, we'll
see where we'll see where it where it
goes. I just I don't I'm not, you know,
a single day reaction is disappointing,
but I think it's very hard to just say
it was this and like just move on. If
that makes you feel good, then fine. But
I think it's very difficult to say that,
especially looking at the Rivian
uh trading.
&gt;&gt; Let's move on. Uh let's go to Robo Taxi.
So, first of all, Lars teased that
something is going to be announced on
Tuesday. Many people thought it was
going to be the Model Y L. Uh, but he
did say that statement uh right after
talking about Cyber Camp, but okay. At
the same time, it's now June past June
30th. It's July, and they did not hit
their target that they said they'd have
seven cities where they'd have robo taxi
roll out. Could they say something about
that on Tuesday? They did release this a
few days ago where they showed that the
very first production cyber cab has
begun testing engineering testing in
Austin. And you can see this person here
has no uh take that off. He's there's no
steering wheel, no pedals, and he's not
even touching the the the the door
handle. He's just in there for a ride.
So that test is happening now. Then we
also have um Robo Taxi registered 10
more new Model Y's in the Texas DMV. Now
it's over 100 102 in the Texas fleet. 18
was added. Thank you, Jeeoff. Big move
in one day. Um then
this is the Texas Tesla's uh M and DMV
and they kind of uh said that there's
102. What is what am I looking at here?
So this this is authorized how many
authorized vehicles there are. There you
go. 102. That's how we know that that's
the case. Ashra Kaswami announced that
version 14 light is rolling out to AI3
car. So he hit that at least that that
was uh on target cuz he said he would do
that before the end of the month. It is
uh still only to a small number of early
access customers, but he does promise
it'll go out to more customers over the
next few weeks. And the early um kind of
experience by people who's received it
are saying it's pretty good, right?
They're mostly very happy with this. Um
Elon said Tesla version 14 light is
rolling out to customers with AI3
hardware. And then he said the AI3
computer only has 15% of the effective
memory bandwidth of AI4. So this was a
tough challenge, but it does sound like
that they have solved the challenge. Um
yeah, what do you guys think about all
this?
&gt;&gt; On the topic of robo taxi scaling, I
find it interesting because we have 102
Model Y's registered in Texas. If you
think about the number of rides or the
percent of rides that are two people or
less, I think it's like 80 plus percent.
So that would imply that for every 100
Model Y's, you would want 400 cyber
caps.
&gt;&gt; 900
&gt;&gt; 900.
&gt;&gt; Well, 10%. 10% requires more.
&gt;&gt; I'm sorry, it's going at 20%, but if
it's 10% then 900 or on the low end 400.
&gt;&gt; 90% of all rides is two or less. And so
Cyber Cab will take 900. So I've been
I've been saying this for a while. I
expect that for every 1,000 cars in
Austin, 1,000 cars in Dallas, you're
going to have a 100 Model Y and 900
cyber cabs.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, I was going with more
conservative numbers of 20%. So, that
would be 400 there. But either way,
somewhere in that range, right? So,
that's encouraging that they continued
to register more model Y's. If they were
just going to add cyber cabs to the
network and didn't feel like they needed
that many, then you wouldn't see the
Model Y registrations increasing. Now
hopefully we hear something about when
the cyber cab will start being put into
service. Um my expectations on that is
that's not necessarily immediate. I
think they may still have some testing
to do. Um but maybe that's part of the
Tuesday announcement.
&gt;&gt; Can you repeat exactly the sentence he
said? There was something with campus in
Austin, right? Was the word campus
because I
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Who calls it campus? I never heard
campus before.
&gt;&gt; Um it's
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah, that's
&gt;&gt; typically you have a facility like that
that's multifunctional. It can be called
a a campus. Yeah, I know. It's It's
&gt;&gt; So that just means a manufacturing side
of
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So it could be Yeah. So
there could be some expansion going on.
We'll we'll see what's announced. Um but
back to the cyber cab really quickly.
First off, that we there were 21%
additions today to the robo taxi fleet
and and that's how I actually envision
it happening. I don't envision like
waking up and it's going to double or
triple or 300 are going to be added. I
think they're going to do this and then
they're going to let their operation
absorb it and then they're going to do
it again. These are big numbers by the
way for an operation to absorb. But if
they keep if they have a couple of days
like this of 20 30% ads, it's going to
grow very quickly. Um and and it won't
it won't take long. But this is how I
envision them actually doing it. I think
it's a great call out by CERN that you
know for every one of these there could
be nine or so eight or nine cyber cabs.
That's an interesting call out. So if
they get the fleet up to this or 100 you
know the total could be around a
thousand in an area. It could be I think
it could be more. You're talking about
Dallas and so we'll see as that as those
numbers keep growing but it's
encouraging. But that was a big number
of cars released today. I mean, if you
just think about the news today, 21%
added to the robo taxi fleet, blowout
numbers by whatever 20 plus% of
deliveries, and then the Model Y L was
introduced.
&gt;&gt; And Laura specifically called out that
people are underestimating the scale in
this, right?
&gt;&gt; Yes. And he wanted he said that
actually, I think, a couple of times,
and one one could have been off camera,
but yeah, he he wanted to make that
point. I think he came prepared to make
that point that I think and here my my
read on it was you know today you go out
into Austin you see a bunch of Whimos
you see or you're in San Francisco and
you see a bunch and by the way I
couldn't get a Whimo in the San
Francisco area I know you can but I the
areas we were in it was very difficult
to go from point A to point B and I my
takeaway is it's still sparse like we're
still in very early innings and I think
his whole point was this is going to be
like unlike anything you've seen before.
And I think they're sticking with their
plan of cyber cab annual production, you
know, surpassing total Tesla vehicle
production today. And, you know, we're
just in a a multi-year trajectory to get
to that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This is what he said. He said, "A
week from Tuesday, there will be some
cool news about things happening around
Giga Texas as part of the scaling
effort." Let's listen to what he said.
&gt;&gt; Right. All right. So, in a week from
Tuesday, there'll be some cool news
about things happening on the campus of
Texas and I can't talk about it right
now, but it's part of the scaling
effort.
&gt;&gt; So, I don't know.
&gt;&gt; I mean, scaling effort is cyber cap,
right? There is no doubt that this topic
is cyber caps.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; I mean, it it was right after we were
talking at length about the cyber cap,
then this is how we ended that
conversation.
&gt;&gt; But I mean, if you read this, it's like
some cool news, okay? Things about
things happening around Giga Texas.
Well, what does that mean? Like, oh,
you're going to have a party. Maybe
you're going to have you're going to
maybe they're going to take that the
racetrack and have a bunch of races and
have a great uh celebration for, you
know, with fireworks. Maybe that's what
this is.
&gt;&gt; But then it says as part of the scaling
effort
&gt;&gt; things to plural be part of the scaling
effort. what you know
&gt;&gt; when when uh you know last year when
everything was going on with Elon and
the White House, there was that big
meeting with him and the president on
the front of the White House and there
were Teslas parked out there and Elon
did make a public commitment that I
think he said over the next two years
we're going to double our capacity in in
North America. So I think this is just
part of it. Double our production maybe
is what he said. And that could be
across energy and cars and batteries and
what have you. Uh but I this is probably
part of that. The other thing large you
this may be connected to it and I know
there's there's a famous Tesla analyst
that says you know FSD adoption isn't
driving any of this. I don't know how
they would know that considering it's
gone up quarterly sequentially 10 and
plus percent every quarter. Those are
big jumps. But Lars said that the FSD14
adoption is what do you say? Crazy,
absurd, something
&gt;&gt; something like that. Like Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. He said it's
&gt;&gt; through the roof or something.
&gt;&gt; Basically going very well. So
&gt;&gt; I who knows I mean the only people that
know I keep repeating this over and over
because it comes up. People are trying
to like look at lead times and look at
you don't know their capacity in the
factory so you don't know what's going
on. The only people that know Tesla's
order book is Tesla. So, they may have a
very good read on demand on what's
happening and say, "Hey, look, we've got
to add capacity." I we'll we'll hear
more, I guess, next week.
&gt;&gt; I'll be on vacation.
&gt;&gt; It's okay, Herbert. You're you'll have
access. You'll see what's going on, I'm
sure.
&gt;&gt; No, no, no. Tell us No, no, no, no.
Don't let him get away so quickly. Tell
us about your vacation, Herbert. Tell
us. I'm leaving on uh so Wednesday the
the the 8th. So hopefully I still will
be here on Tuesday the 7th. Uh but Jeff
or sorry CERN is going to be the host
for the first week. Uh thank you CERN.
And then you got Larry Goldberg being
the host for the second week. The return
of Cernbert and Goldberg. And they were
mean to me the last time they took over.
So
&gt;&gt; and we shall do that again.
&gt;&gt; No, they promised that they be they
&gt;&gt; maybe they did. I didn't promise
anything. I make no promises.
&gt;&gt; Nobody made any promises.
&gt;&gt; Happy to get the keys back, right?
&gt;&gt; Yes, sir. It's going to take over the
show.
&gt;&gt; It's going to be a different show for a
week.
&gt;&gt; And I I just want to call out again that
last year when you came back, you
promised you let us unionize and
participate.
&gt;&gt; I promised
&gt;&gt; nothing.
&gt;&gt; Zero.
&gt;&gt; Nothing.
&gt;&gt; Not even a lousy t-shirt.
&gt;&gt; No t-shirt. I'm not getting you a
t-shirt.
&gt;&gt; I'll get a t-shirt.
&gt;&gt; Let's not talk about a nonplastic
Chinese crown.
&gt;&gt; A pl. We'll get you. I'll get you. I'll
get you one. I'll get you that. That one
I'll find out. You got to help me find
it though. It's like
&gt;&gt; with hats and
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; We'll do it when we have a big event and
I'm pretty sure a big event is going to
happen. So, can I just Yeah. You What
you are we done with Tuesday? Do you
guys any guesses or we'll just leave
that?
&gt;&gt; I have still thousands of questions. So,
when you left, how did you leave? you
know, was it like this was great. Let's
do this again. How was it? Tell us.
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah. So, uh, first of all, it was
uh very gracious. He uh he spent they
they all were there not only him but his
support the people that support him and
then he gave us gifts like you know
those little bags and it's just like you
know the
&gt;&gt; first time I hear about that
&gt;&gt; it's just a small you know the small
thing where you have um just the swag
from Tesla and one of them was actually
the beerstein and so it was like oh we
should have thought of this ahead of
time how cool it would have been if we
were all drinking the beerstein but it
was just very nice that uh they were
very thoughtful I thought that the the
the way Tesla treated, you know, guests
were as for world world class as you can
possibly be treated. So, I thought that
that was good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they were very gracious,
&gt;&gt; very helpful.
&gt;&gt; And so, they said anytime again or
anything hopeful or come on, give it to
us.
&gt;&gt; We miss Alexander. She should have been
here.
&gt;&gt; Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Let me state
this. When this came closer, I said you
you two should do this. I mean, I'm
playing first fiddle whenever I can. you
know me, but this was not my topic. And
I think we were so right
&gt;&gt; to send the two of you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This intimate uh you know geeky
stuff that Jeff
can ask and drill and get him to tell us
more information, which he did. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And Herbert, how many hundreds of robots
were walking around in the background?
&gt;&gt; Everywhere. Everywhere. Dude,
&gt;&gt; really?
&gt;&gt; I I got video. No, I'm just kidding. She
believed me.
&gt;&gt; And you still didn't answer. So what did
they say? Can we do this again or
something like that?
&gt;&gt; Nothing. Nothing. Of course,
&gt;&gt; we should have been there. We would have
got them down to some more commitment.
&gt;&gt; If I brought Shern, I'd get him to sit
in a corner over there far away.
&gt;&gt; That is true. Herbert and I were going
over our questions that we didn't get
to. And we'll just leave it at that.
Maybe, you know, there can be a
follow-up discussion at some point, but
there's a lot more to talk about.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think I mean Los really
seemed to have enjoyed himself. He was
you know he really felt he was at ease
and uh looking forward to the questions
and it it was a real interaction. It
wasn't just I asked my first question
then I ask my second question. No, there
were follow-ups. There was uh drilling
down when it was necessary. It was
great. You did I mean very very
&gt;&gt; Yeah, he it's all ours. I mean he was
just very um gracious again you know
very excited and he shared a lot of
great info. That's something that we
were waiting for to understand better.
And they're not all great. I mean, like
like you saw with uh uh with with Elon's
answer that you know, it's going to take
a long time for Optimus. The one thing
that's different about what they're
doing is that they're built putting in
automation equipment. They're planning
to not just make a thou you can make
Chinese factories are doing this now,
thousand 2,000, but it's not automated
the process. These guys are taking it
slow, but we're going to make sure we
get automation in place. And that's
that's what's good to hear. The uh the
part that I was really excited to hear
was when we we talked to them about how
AI is being used in the in the not in
the business. And I just wanted to
finally hear the stories and just
confirmation once and for all that yes,
absolutely Tesla's implementing AI and
they're that they're the bleeding edge
of implementing it. So you heard them
talk about agents, that's great. Simple
things like, you know, email that all
the employees get, that's great. And
then the cool thing, you know, he he got
so excited to share with us that one
cool thing about um full self-heering.
That was very interesting. And you can
just imagine that there's going to be
many of these because they are the
leader in manufacturing and they are the
leader in AI. And so they're the ones
that's going to invent how you use AI in
actual business, not just not just
manufacturing, like how to run a
business. This is this is them. They're
going to invent this stuff. That's why I
asked him about macro hard and he
laughed because that sounds like it that
means no but boy
I bet you soon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and it really
to me it really put it back into
perspective
that they are first and foremost this
excellent manufacturer, right? Because
you know I get into my rabbit holes of
financial engineering and stock price
and and whatever else but then when you
hear loss and you understand you know
what they have built in the last 15 20
years how this all comes together and
how this all now fits with what SpaceX
did at the same time and the most
current needs of this world because you
know who spoke about data centers in
space four years ago nobody. But who can
now suddenly do it from all sides,
manufacture pots and bring them up there
and distribute them. And it's just
mind-boggling how it all comes together.
And yet it's also because there is this
manufacturing and supply chain
giant,
excellence giant that is operating. It's
I mean I'm not saying everything is
always perfect. It's not. But it as an
investor, as a Tesla shareholder, it
really makes me proud.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's not it's it's messy. It's
it could probably make your stomach turn
every, you know, every day there's some,
you know, catastrophe that pops up. I'm
sure the you know, if of a lot of the
Tesla engineers were watching or, you
know, they're probably like like they're
probably happy to actually hear like
this get this message getting out about
how they do things and how they make
decisions. Obviously nothing was
released there that was was
inappropriate but at the same time
things are messy too like but but the
fact that they are good at these things
and the fact that they have a platform
to to add AI capability in the
manufacturing and engineering piece of
it will allow them to take on these
really interesting very difficult things
that others can't or they won't be able
to do it effectively. So, you're right.
Everything's not perfect. Everything's
not beautiful on the inside, but you can
see that the pieces are there. And it's
it's not beautiful. It's not perfect
anywhere. By by the way, it's
manufacturing is really can be a really
like ugly like stomach turnurning kind
of thing. But when it's ramped up, it's
at full speed and you're making a ton of
money, it's the greatest thing ever. But
to get from nothing or get from a sheet
of paper to that is is extremely
grueling. And but I think they're just a
a wonderful example of what we need in
the United States to continue that. And
and Elon's companies quite frankly,
they're a a great example of it. That is
the we are not going to beat the Chinese
and the Koreans and others by using old
kind of stodgy
siloed uh you know kind that won't work.
What will work is kind of this flat
engineerdriven
speed risktaking. We talked about
risk-taking a lot. It's a very unique
thing uh for a high volume company to
take the kind of risk that they take.
And we talked about all these things and
and they have a recipe to really grow
their manufacturing and engineering
footprint from here. And and I think you
step back and realize that like they're
making whatever 700 800,000 cars in the
US every year, maybe a little bit more.
What's that going to be in robots? And
what's that going to be in Starlink
terminals? And what's that? It just you
can just see the growth in and what's
that going to be in batteries and all
the different things that they're doing.
It's it's mindboggling how much product
is going to come out of his companies.
&gt;&gt; So the two of you walked out of there,
it was over. I mean, it must have been
quite a sensation to think now this is
done. And then a couple of hours later,
I guess you were back in your planes
flying home. So when you had the first
moment to reflect on that, what was it?
Was it just the pride? Was it this
enormity of new information? Was it, "Oh
my gosh, I wish I would have asked this
and this because now I'm really missing
that puzzle puzzle piece. How was your
initial digestion?
&gt;&gt; I think a couple things. First of all,
we went for dinner with John and Kelvin
and that was nice. Uh after after that
dinner, Jeff and I just sat together at
a Starbucks for a couple hours waiting
for his flight home and it took us a
while to digest all the things that he
actually shared. And then takes a while
to understand. My gosh, he actually
shared a lot of info that we as
investors or we as people who who follow
the company so closely have been wanting
to understand and know or validate and
we thought there was a lot there was a
lot.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. There was you wrote history.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. You know, uh, I was going to
ask you, Alexander, do you you know how
in the last several months the the
question that I've been just thinking
about a lot about, I've been asking over
and over again, right, is like you look
at what Tesla's doing or Elon is doing
and sometimes you marvel at did right
like I won't say this anymore because I
now know the answer. I always say, did
you plan all this out strategically
&gt;&gt; or was this lucky? Uh and and of course
it's not luck but you know when I asked
that to Elon he kind of like he never
took credit for it but when you ask it
to Lars he said oh no yeah this is stuff
that we've been planning for a long
time. So when you think about things
like okay the chips the Elon decided to
have to build you know now AI4 now AI5
chips but that started in 2012 like why
did you build chips back then did you
know that at some point in future chips
is going to be the bottleneck and we
need it for everything robots and all
that or a good example is Megapod you
you got superchargers did you know like
years ago that they could actually be
turned into distributed AI data centers
I think they might have I think that he
really did know years ago.
&gt;&gt; Well, he might have known, but or at
least he sees the opportunity, right?
And he he sees and seizes the
opportunity. So, it but it was your
question last year like it was my
question. Shall we do a shareholder
meeting with SpaceX together? I mean,
you know, how
&gt;&gt; I don't know how both you and me were
inspired the way we were inspired, but
there we are. But it, you know, I was
thinking the other day about the Cybert
truck. You know, why did they make the
Cybert truck the way it is? Obviously,
it was his dream to have a different car
that looked like the future and all
that, but so many elements of the Cyber
Truck, the technology that
&gt;&gt; Why is the Cyber Cap? Yeah, they tested
it. Who Who told me this? But, you know,
when you
factor
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, when you when you want to test
new technology, you don't want to do it
on like a small compact car. And now I'm
going to introduce 4680 batteries or I'm
going to choose, you know, drive driver
drive driverless drive by wire. You want
to test it in a smaller segment so that
you can fail which like they did.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I gave you credit. I just told you
that
&gt;&gt; then I said it was you Jeff.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I didn't hear I I
&gt;&gt; He did Jeff but he sort of swallowed it
down but he he tried.
&gt;&gt; It was Jeff. Jeff told me and that's
like and that's what Cyber Cab
Cybertruck was. Yes, it's a failure.
Yes, I'm not saying it's not. It was a
lot less sales than they expected, but
the purpose of it was to introduce new
technology that they would need at scale
with the cyber cab. And so, let's test
it first. And that's part of the reason
why you don't launch a cyber, you know,
a cyber a small vehicle before the
&gt;&gt; and there be stuff in the cyber truck
that they had hoped they can use and
that they can't use because the
experience was not as good as they had
hoped for. So, you know, you don't
always have to just hope that everything
you test comes to fruition. It's also
the fact that some of the stuff is not
as good as you'd hoped for. And so, you
have to look for plan B for those for
those elements. But Jeeoff, how about
you explain your theory because nobody
can do it as well as you can. He has
tremendous platform visibility like
these are the plat these are the things
that we must produce and typically we
meaning inside of our own company and
he's got tremendous platform visibility
whether it was the supercharger network
whether it started as partnerships in
battery assembly module assembly then
cell assembly and then the full endtoend
uh battery uh development and
manufacturing and uh what he's doing
with AI AI. What he's doing with his
manufacturing software systems, this
warp AI that's in the factory, that's
connecting to their material systems,
that's connecting to the shop floor
control system on the line, instead of
having to pay a perpetual license for
that. Like, he's like, I'm going to be
building products in my lifetime,
probably for the next 50 years. Why am I
going to pay for something that I could
probably do better myself and then I
never have to pay for it again once I do
it? I just upkeep it. So, I think he's
got tremendous platform visibility. And
all I would say is like back to the the
the Cyber Truck, I I don't know if that
story has been fully written yet.
&gt;&gt; And I wouldn't be surprised if a $49,000
or $59,000 Cybert truck
&gt;&gt; doesn't bring that thing back up to
serious volumes per year.
&gt;&gt; That was the promise. That's what Yeah.
you you're not going to sell how many
volume you think you're going to sell
when it's over $100,000.
&gt;&gt; Correct.
&gt;&gt; Just who's I'm not Yeah,
&gt;&gt; correct. So, uh so we'll see. But yeah,
he's got tremendous, you know what it is
and the other thing is the media and
even us like we fixate on what didn't
work and because people like that's just
human intuition like we just we want to
talk about well this was late or this
didn't work or Tesla solar roof or this
or that but he's kind of got a very high
batting average of things that do work
and probably higher than anybody else in
the industry. So he probably takes more
risk. He probably goes after more things
and with that there's going to be more
failure and those failures should be
discussed and learned and understood.
But he's probably got a one of the
better batting averages of any innovator
in the industry.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah.
&gt;&gt; And how many plan A's were finally
exactly what it what was needed. That is
exactly it.
&gt;&gt; This reminds me of a a Steve Jobs uh
comment. somebody was asking him a tough
question on stage like what had Steve
Jobs done over the last seven years and
what about this technology and what
about that and Steve just kind of said
that you know a lot of the things that
we do leads to other things we have to
you know plan ahead um not everything we
do is going to be successful we may not
be aware of everything that's out there
but we have a plan we we are moving
towards something that's even bigger and
that's I think that Elon has that in
spades
H u you know I'm going to South Korea so
if anybody is out there uh and and
there's some sort of like I'd love to
interview at Tesla Korea and get out
there and do something like that. So if
there anybody wants to connect let me
know send me a DM. I'm not sure if I
could. So don't you know don't expect uh
anything but it would be interesting to
see what the potentials are depending on
timing. It
&gt;&gt; would be great if you could meet some
people there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I I I did Japan was amazing
and uh it was it was it was just
fantastic experience and so concern is
he's actually at the completely other
end of the
&gt;&gt; I can't come back. So we we can really
do what we what we want with this.
&gt;&gt; I've got I've got access to shut down
Streamyard at any moment s okay any
moment
&gt;&gt; have we have Mara that's just all
&gt;&gt; we need to do more live streams by the
way guys. Um yeah so let's so if a big
announcement does happen what's the
chances of that Alexander would you keep
it small?
&gt;&gt; So um you mean in a in a big
announcement as
&gt;&gt; there could be a variety of things. It
could be a cyber cab launch. Could be it
could be of course the merger
announcement. What's the chance?
&gt;&gt; Let's just make it very clear. You're
back on the 22nd. You're leaving on the
7th. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Is there a chance appearing the 8th and
the 21st everything happens? Of course,
because you're gone. That that is
that's the way it works. Okay. So, do I
believe that the merger will be
announced before the 22nd? No. because
you're back on the 22nd which is the
earnings call for Tesla and I do not
expect a merger announcement before the
earnings call happens. It could happen
with the earnings call. It could happen
in between that lapse of time between
the Tesla and the SpaceX earnings call
or it could happen SpaceX earning
market.
&gt;&gt; So that is still my my best bet
&gt;&gt; or it can happen next year, right?
&gt;&gt; Or it can happen in October. It can
happen whatever. But I'm still fixated
on end of July, beginning of August. And
uh so you will be back, right? So, you
may be there still on the 7th when
whatever
&gt;&gt; this event happens on Tuesday. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And then nothing may happen
until you're back because they're all
holding their breath waiting for her
&gt;&gt; until I'm back. It's going to be so
boring with CERN. I don't know what he's
going to do. Is this boring?
&gt;&gt; We can fill hours cursing about you. So,
that's all good.
&gt;&gt; All right. Whole book of topics here,
Herbert. that I've got.
&gt;&gt; Oh my god.
&gt;&gt; Evil Cernbert.
&gt;&gt; Evil Cernbert. The evil Serbbert.
&gt;&gt; Love it.
&gt;&gt; All right. Thanks everybody. That was
good. Uh so yeah, I this is gonna Friday
and then uh CERN will take over on
Tuesday. So watch for that.
&gt;&gt; Have a great
&gt;&gt; I won't thank I do appreciate you. I do
that
&gt;&gt; South Korea and North Korea. North Korea
land in the wrong place. Uh and then
thank you Alexander. You will host the
Cyber Bulls on Thursday next week which
is live with James and then the
following week you'll be there as well
as hosting them. Thank you
&gt;&gt; Larry.
&gt;&gt; Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Bye.
&gt;&gt; Thanks.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herdomm.com.