Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Is Tesla SandBagging RoboTaxi? Is the Market Crashing?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Haa59W4yV_Y
Published:   2026-06-29 02:25 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-29 03:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Is the stock market about to collapse?
What about AI? Is the bubble finally
busting? How about the MAG 7? Are these
just dead investments now? How about
Bitcoin and Micro Strategy? Even Micron?
What the hell is going on there? And how
does all this tie back to Tesla? Do you
see what's about to happen with Tesla?
Let's discuss.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy.
All week all I've heard about is the
fact that the stock market is on the
verge of collapsing. That we we are on
the precipice of this big AI bubble
busting and everything's about to go
down. All I've heard is that everything
is overpriced. We've got too much
investment. That there's not enough to
sustain the market. And I call BS on all
this. And today I'm going to talk to you
about why this is BS. and what where I
think things are going. We're going to
talk Tesla. We're going to talk lots of
different topics. I This is going to be
a action-packed video. We got so much to
discuss. We got to get right into it.
First of all, we need everyone to take a
beat. Whether it's CNBC, Fox Business,
YouTube, people like me, Kevin, I've
seen this all over non-stop. All this
doomsday stuff over and over. Everybody,
this feels like ground Groundhog's Day.
It seems like every three months we get
the same narrative, the same story and I
have to come on here make a very similar
video where I bring in context and I
remind you that this is a very strong
market. This is a very hated bull market
and the worst thing you can do in my
opinion, not financial advice, is to sit
it out right now. This is where legacies
will be made. This this is where
generational wealth will be made. And I
implore you to not get sucked into all
the negative BS out there. First of all,
let's talk about the end of June. It was
rough. It wasn't great. I get it. But
was it that bad? Was it really? From a
Tesla investor perspective, I get it. We
were in the 400s. Now we're back down to
what, 380, 390, 370? I get it. Not fun.
Fair enough. However, we weren't there
that long ago. Keep in mind, there's a
lot of catalysts coming up for Tesla.
We're going to talk about those in a
second. and things that very
well-informed Tesla investors just seem
to not want to get. I'm going to have a
lot to say about Tesla in a second, but
we got to build up to that because
again, we need to understand the macro
so we can talk Tesla. Too many people
just focus on Tesla and don't think
about the bigger picture and what's
actually going on. And that's why they
miss so many obvious things when it
comes to Tesla. Let's start off by
talking about the end of June. Believe
it or not, this is historically one of
the worst times of the year when it
comes to the stock market. In fact, it's
in the top four. Okay, so take a look at
this chart here. You can see
historically since 1950, we have seen
June return on average of 0.22%.
In fact, most of that comes in the first
half of June. In the back half of June
is one of the worst. Contrast that to us
going into July. July tends to be one of
the best performing months of the year
and this is again since 1950 right so
this is a big big swath of a data set if
you even look at this in a smaller set
you would see that June is actually one
of the worst months of the year
especially the last two two weeks and
that July actually is one of the best
months of the year even with this data
set here you can see what we tend to
recognize as the norm when it comes to
the S&amp;P 500 in the stock market in
general You might ask, well, why is
this? Well, there's a lot of reasons.
Okay, first of all, June is the end of
the first half of the year. So, what
happens is all these indexes, all these
funds, these family offices, etc., etc.,
they are in the process of rebalancing.
They're in the process of taking gains
off the table and think thinking about
the next half of the year and where
they're going to place their bets.
Naturally, there's a lot of noise, a lot
of movement going on in the markets.
Let's add to that. What else do we have
at the end of June? Well, at the end of
the June, we have a lot of people going
on vacation. We have a lot of people
leaving and essentially going to spend
time with their families and go on
holiday. So, when that happens, we have
lots of volume come down in the market.
And so, any type of reaction or any type
of a extra downward movement in the
stock market like when indexes rebalance
that causes more of a effect on the
market because there's less volume. It
takes less selling pressure to move the
market. So, there's a lot that's going
on there. And then you add in any kind
of random things, bad news, fear, uh,
Michael Bur writing something, different
people going on CNBC or Fox or CEO of a
diary, uh, uh, podcast and talking about
recessions and all this stuff, and it
just creates a little more chaos, a
little more fear in the market, and that
alone can have an effect. Let's take
stock of where we are so far in the
year. Look at this. This right here
shows us most of the MAG7 company in
contrast to SanDisk, Micron, and Marll.
This is a very interesting graph because
it kind of shows you where the profits
have been made so far for the year. So,
you can see Meta's down 16%, Tesla's
down 16%, Amazon's only up 2%, Nvidia is
barely up 5%, Apple is down or is up 6%
and then Google is holding trying to
hold up to 8% gain. Meanwhile, the real
gains are coming from Marll up 230%.
Micron up 260%. And while everyone's
distracted with Micron, SanDisk has
quietly been up 781%.
While this is where all of the current
assets are going to, all the investments
are currently going to. Why is that?
Well, I have a few reasons why why this
is. One, obviously, because they're kind
of the hot sexy names right now. They
are where the bottlenecks are. But I
actually think there's a bigger reason.
I think in a world where we are worried
about wars and potentially inflation,
potential rate hikes, people are using
these names as hedges against all that
chaos. Why? Well, we know that Amazon,
Microsoft, Google, Tesla, SpaceX, all
these companies are already committing
Meta are committing to big amounts of
capex to build out data centers. And we
know that all that capex is essentially
going to go to Micron, SanDisk, Nvidia,
names like this. So people are piling
into these companies in my opinion as a
defensive mechanism as a inflationary
hedge as a uh market collapse hedge
because one way or another these big
companies they are allocating that capex
and that capex is going straight to
these companies and so people are
thinking a little twostep ahead. I also
want you to look at this and I want to
talk about this from kind of a
opportunity perspective because I'm of
the opinion that this won't last. Don't
mean that Micron, Sandex, all them are
are going to fall down. I I would bring
your attention to Meta, to Tesla, to
Amazon, to Apple, Nvidia, these
companies. This won't last. These
companies will come back. And the fact
that you could buy Tesla right now, 16%
down for the year, Meta 16% down for a
year is a steal. In fact, Meta is even
more so from all-time highs. Is
something like 30 40% off all-time
highs. These are opportunities to make
really nice investments. I'll give you
some ideas of what I'm doing. For
example, right now, I'm selling puts on
a lot of these names that haven't had a
chance to move. Why is that? What's the
thought here? What's the logic? Well,
selling a put is a bullish trade.
Selling a put means that you think the
stock market's actually going to go up,
that these stocks are going to go up. My
point of view is I'm going to sell puts
in these names. Why? Well, because one,
they've already come down a lot or they
haven't gone up that much. This tells me
that there's opportunity here. When I
sell those puts, I do it pretty far out
of the money. So, the stock would have
to come to me in order for me to get
assigned the stock. If I get assigned
the stock, I will take it. If I can get
Tesla 32% down, if I can get Meta
another 32 40% down, I will take it all
day, every day. It's a no-brainer for
me. These companies are founderled.
These companies will not lose. Mark my
words. These are winners and winners
win. I talk about that non-stop. Whether
it's Trump, whether it's Bessant,
whether it's Elon, you name it. Winners
win. Don't bet against winners. I will
happily buy the stock of these companies
and I will ride that up. I'll sell cover
calls along the way and I will just keep
riding it up. More than likely, as we
get into the back half of the year, what
we will see is a lot of these names
start to kind of have a resurgence would
be my guess. And what I would what I'm
probably going to do is just roll my
puts up slowly collecting all that
premium. We'll see how this plays out.
I'll keep you guys updated as I do some
of this. But right now, I currently have
sold puts on Meta. I currently have sold
puts on Tesla. I currently have sold
puts on a handful of names. Just can't
think of all of them off the top of my
head. Even Nvidia. Uh, Apple's looking
interesting right now. This is kind of
how I'm thinking about it. There's also
a lot of noise in the system and I think
us Tesla investors are very uniquely
equipped to handle this. For example,
take a look at this. We just saw this
huge kind of week regarding Google and
this brain drain that everyone keeps
talking about where Google's losing uh
people who are leading Gemini uh one of
their leaders from Deep Deep Mind and
that they're going off to Anthropic and
OpenAI and all these other competitors
and this is causing Google to sell off a
little bit. To me, this is an
opportunity. If you're a Tesla investor,
you are well equipped and you have a lot
of experience about what happens when
one or two or three individuals leave
where the market says, "Oh no, there's a
problem here." You guys remember when
Drew Bagino left? Do you guys remember
when I forget his name, our CFO left?
You remember when Andre Karpathy left,
right? Everyone kept saying, "Oh,
there's there's a problem. Tesla's going
to be in trouble." yada yada yada, only
to find out actually when these people
left, the company just got stronger. To
me, this is opportunity for companies
like Google. So, when you see this stuff
as a Tesla investor, you need to use
your history and your experience and
take that and apply it to the
opportunity that presents itself. How do
you take advantage of those
opportunities? Well, again, that is why
I try to teach people how I trade
options. That's the whole point is so
that you can be capital efficient. You
can make 1 to 4% on your portfolio per
month. So, the idea is if you have a
million dollars, you can make 10 to
$40,000 per month without having to sell
your shares. This is the idea. While we
wait for Tesla or if you're a Palanteer
investor, Nvidia investor, whatever your
long-term buy and hold is, you should be
able to take that asset class, that
engine that you have built, and have it
spin off extra alpha for you, extra
profits. And this is why I teach it. In
fact, take a look at this. Here's what
one of my past students uh he says here.
Hey Nick, I was part of the January
class January 31st and have had great
results. I often go back to course
recording refresher this morning. I
noticed the recording was no longer
available yada yada. Appreciate it.
Right. But here he's showing us that he
since the end of January, so that's
really February, March, April, May, so
mid June, so maybe four and a half
months, he's already made $227,000
from taking the course. Think about
that. Okay, here's another example.
Here's another client who sent this and
he said, "Thank you, Nick. I also want
to say that since taking your course, I
can now afford to fly private." I had to
exit out the image because it had all
the information for the plane. He said,
"What you do is truly impactful." Kind
of hard to to describe the impact since
it's overwhelmingly positive. This is
why I teach these options crash courses.
This is why I teach the zero date
course. If you guys want, I'll teach you
how to do the same thing. Again, what
I'm teaching you is something that will
stand the test of time. It will teach
you how to be capital efficient, make
money on top of your long-term holdings
without having to sell them to make 1 to
4% per month. Again, that's
conservative. I only offer conservative
numbers. What you can do from there is
probably a lot better than what I'm
saying, but I want to keep you keep
things humble and keep it conservative.
So, if you're interested in learning,
link below. Next class is in August. If
you want to join, sign up now, please.
July sold out super early. June signed
up super early. And all I end up getting
is a bunch of DMs in my inbox saying,
"Nick, can you please let me in for if
there's anyone that leaves?" No one
leaves. No one drops out. If anything,
it's quite the opposite. I had to open
up August so early because there's
overflow. I need to send people there.
So again, August is already filling up
pretty quickly. If you want your seat,
lock it in. Go sign up now. And if
you've taken any of the options crash
courses before, you qualify for the the
zero day course, feel free to sign up
for that. If you haven't taken the
options crash course yet and you're
taking it in July or you're going to
sign up for August, I purposely made the
August zero date at the end of August so
that everyone else could have time to
sign up for it if if they desire to. So
just keep that in mind. Anyway, so my
point in saying this is that with all
these opportunities that we have,
whether it's an example here like with
Google or what we currently see with all
these mag seven companies kind of taking
a hit, even these software companies,
this presents opportunity. Now, you
don't always want to go and just deploy
your cash there if you have cash or you
don't want have to sell your your
long-term buy and hold. And this is
where you can get opportunity. This is
where you can be capital efficient. And
this is where you can make extra
premium, extra alpha on top of your
portfolio while you wait for Tesla to
launch Cyber Caps, while you wait for
Nvidia to get recognized and start
moving up while you wait for Palanteer
to have a recovery, etc., etc. This is
the whole point to be capital efficient.
At the end of the day, we are here to
build our financial portfolio to invest
for the long term to become financially
independent if you're not already. This
is the goal. I help so many people who
are retired and trying to really just
extract some more capital out of their
their investments. I help people who are
just trying to retire earlier and don't
want to have to wait till this mythical
age of 60 or whatnot. Or I help I also
help a lot of people who are just my age
and just trying to also retire early and
reach financial independence and just
try to have a different quality of life.
Or maybe they just want to retire their
wife so they could be a stay-at-home
mom. Whatever your path is, I'm here to
help you. And that's why it's so
critical for you to understand this.
There's another thing that is very
important for people to understand so
they invest correctly and that's being
able to see what's actually happening
with technology right now. Take a look
at this. I posted this back in 2024
where I said LLM hype cycle is coming to
an end. The ROI expected isn't going to
be in LLMs and that seems clear for now.
Useful, yes. Overhyped, yes.
Commoditized already, yes. AI ROI will
be in autonomy and humanoids, not LLMs.
Mark my words. Sure, there's still been
a lot of hype when it comes to LLM, but
not quite the way it was. I believe it
absolutely has become commoditized. And
if you don't believe me, I I like to say
listen to people who are right a lot.
This weekend, the All-In podcast dropped
an interesting episode where they talked
about this very topic. So, take a look
at this. This was Gavin Baker talking
about the distillation of what the
Chinese are doing with all of the
frontier models that we have. When we
say frontier models, we're just saying
the latest and greatest from OpenAI,
Anthropic, Grock, etc., right? We're
talking about the newest cuttingedge LLM
models. Here we saw that China launched
GLM 5.2 and it's it's essentially the
most powerful open-source model that's
downloadable. So, in other words, you
can it's for free. You just download it
and you can use it. There's no no uh
gotchas or anything. Right now, they're
saying that it's close to the frontier
GPT and Claude Opus model. So in other
words, the two models that people say
are the best, the ones that are driving
all the token consumption right now,
those models are no better than this
open source one that people can get for
free, otherwise known as
commoditization. So Gavin Baker
literally explained this and he talked
about how China used massive
distillation in order to get to a point
where they could essentially get to the
same results as as what we see with
these models. What does that mean,
distillation? Imagine we have uh a a
room full of say cell phones or
computers and we have a bunch of chatbts
or cloud code open up and we have people
asking all kinds of questions. We're
just pinging questions question
questions and we're seeing the answers
spit back to us by chatbt or by cloud
code and then we take those answers to
those questions and we use that
information to train our own model.
That's distillation and that's really
hard to fight against that. In fact,
it's almost impossible to prevent. In
doing that, the Chinese get to train
their models on top of the these type of
results without having to expend all of
the capital that our companies are
having to really put out there in heavy
forms of capex. This is essentially
leading to the commoditization of LLM
just like I said. So then, how does AI
make any money? Well, guess what? goes
back to autonomy and humanoids. We're
going to have more to talk about that in
a second. That tells you that there's
opportunity to be had and the
opportunity is not going to be in the
LLM. I've been saying this for over 2
years now. In fact, I've been saying it
longer than that. I just posted that 2
years ago. The opportunity will not be
there. So, where's the opportunity going
to be? Well, let's take a step back
again and let's talk about the market.
So, let's zoom back out because right
now people are talking about AI bubble
because it's the easiest narrative to
lean on when it comes to this market and
why did we have a sell-off. I just got
done showing you that in June, normally
it's kind of a weaker month for us,
especially the last two weeks as we go
into rebalancing. And then July becomes
a lot stronger. However, every time we
get one of these moments where, hey, the
stock market's not getting to an
all-time high every other day, here
comes the the bears. Here comes the
dooms doomsdayers. Here comes all of the
fear crap that comes out with anything
to do with AI and bubbles. Here's let me
throw in another layer of something else
that that's going on right now. So, take
a look at this. This is Micro Strategy
and Bitcoin. And you can see here the
year-to-day performance and draw downs,
etc. Right now, Bitcoin's down 52.5%
from all-time highs. Micro Strategy is
down 82.6% from all-time highs. Let me
remind you in 2024, just two years ago,
Micro Strategy Strategy was today's
Micron. Think about that. In fact, it
was more than that. Micro Strategy was
today's Sandis. Sandis up 770% for the
year. That was Micro Strategy. It was
insane. And now it's down 82.6%. If you
don't know, Micro Strategy is
essentially a levered way of playing
Bitcoin. And Micro Strategy at the end
of the day is just a software company
that is kind of like a tableau in a
sense uh or a uh quick sites. Kind of
not as great and kind of they they're
not even a software company really
anymore. They make their money
essentially by getting investors to give
them money and then they go and they
take that and they buy more Bitcoin and
they have their stretch kind of money
market if you will. Uh so they have kind
of they're just a Bitcoin treasury
company at this point. Micro Strategy is
hurting and they are not doing well and
Bitcoin is also not doing well. But so
why is Micro Strategy down so much more
than Bitcoin is? Well, one, it's a
levered vehicle. Two, it's a way to
short Bitcoin. Three, honestly I think
this is the biggest thing. Risk capital
is coming out of Micro Strategy is
coming out of Bitcoin and it's going to
other asset classes. What asset classes?
Well, how about Micron? How about
SanDisk? How about Marll? How about
Bloom Energy? Right? The AI
infrastructure play. I also think that
this risk capital is going elsewhere.
all these sport betting markets, all of
these prediction markets, the poly
markets, uh, for example, I think
there's a lot of capital going there.
And right now, Bitcoin, Micro Strategy,
I don't want to say they're left for
dead, but they're just not the sexy
place to put risk capital to work. If
that's not enough right now, we also see
that the Fed is talking about holding
rates, if not the market's pricing in
rate hikes. This does not bode well for
Bitcoin. If anything, you want the
opposite. Bitcoin would appreciate it if
the Fed would cut rates because this
allows more money supply. This kind of
dilutes the the the moneyiness of the
the US currency and this would make
Bitcoin once again become relevant
because it's it has none of that kind of
a dilution effect that you have when you
print money. This is the problem right
now with Micro Strategy and Bitcoin.
We've talked about this a lot. This also
has a heavy impact on the market. So
when you have risk assets losing value,
you've got money coming out, you've got
rebalancing going on, you're already in
the kind of slower time of the of the
year, and then you've got all these
doomsdayers coming out, talking about
the AI bubble. This will naturally send
things down and this will naturally go
ahead and get to people's peak fear when
their biggest fear is having another
2008 2009 their peak fear is having
another.com bubble right everyone's
constantly worried about that and they
think that anytime there's innovation or
anytime there's a lot of capital flowing
into anything or anything's exciting and
groundbreaking revolutionary that this
has to happen. I don't agree. In fact, I
don't agree so much. Take a look at
this. Look at Micron's earnings this
that we just had this past week. They
had year-over-year 346%
growth. The numbers were staggering. 86%
margins. This is a company who literally
on the conference call said, "We have no
line of sight for when we will be able
to catch up to demand. That's how much
supply we are behind on. We have so much
demand. We have no idea when we're going
to catch up to it. Not 2027, not 2028,
not 2029. Micron is in a league of its
own. And you know what the craziest
part? It's cheap. It is literally cheap.
What I mean by cheap is the earnings
they're printing versus the multiple
that they have right now. It's cheap.
It's arguably one of the cheapest stocks
in the market. It's cheaper than Nvidia.
Okay. Micron might be a company that
quickly approaches $5 trillion. This is
a company that's worth watching because
they are a fundamental bottleneck for
AI, for data centers, for the buildout,
for all these companies, Tesla, XAI,
SpaceX, Microsoft, Amazon, OpenAI,
Anthropic, Oracle, Broad, I mean, you
name it. This is the the bottleneck.
Nibius, right? All these Neoclouds,
Micron is a problem for them. They can't
get enough memory. Not only are they a
problem, SanDisk is a problem. Hence the
786% increase. How can we take advantage
of this again? Because the last thing
you want to do if you're trading
anything or even if you're just trying
to buy the stock, which by the way, if
you're buying stock, in my opinion, I
don't buy stock. I sell puts. And if the
stock comes to me, I buy the stock.
Okay? So right now, for example, I own
200 shares of SanDisk. Did I buy that in
open market? Hell no. I got assigned
those stocks. I got paid to buy that
stock. How incredible is that? Yeah,
that's why I teach in the options crash
course. Use the links down below.
August, sign up, invest in yourself,
learn something. It's one packed day.
It's 12 hours. I'm going to teach you
everything I know. I teach you how to
fish. This is not some guru BS. I teach
you everything I know and then you're
off on your own. Like this. This is the
whole point. Like I'm here to teach you
how to be financially independent by
leveraging options on top of your
portfolio. Leveraging is probably the
wrong word to use there, but by using it
to be capital efficient. Everything
should be about capital efficient. Can
you extract the most money out of your
portfolio? Or are you just sitting there
hoping and wishing and one day
something's going to happen? I'll tell
you right now, the biggest Tesla
shareholders, guess what they're doing?
They're using options. How do I know
that? I wonder how I know that. Many
because many of them taking my class.
Maybe because many of them are in a
private group text with me where we talk
about this stuff. Learn how this works.
This is what the smart money does. Okay.
Sorry, rant there. Now, let's talk about
Tesla. Let's start getting into Tesla.
Okay, let's let's talk about all this
exciting stuff's happening, but what the
hell about Tesla? What about SpaceX?
Well, let's start off with talking about
this Micron story, okay? Because this
Micron story is much bigger than people
realize. For example, did you see that
Apple just announced that they're going
to do price raises and what did they
blame it on? Oh, memory prices. How
convenient, right? We see Apple raises
prices on Macs and iPads 200 more. Apple
posts worst day in over a year after
MacBook iPad price hikes, right? And and
they blame all of this on memory, the
price of memory. Well, how convenient
that Apple waited until after the Micron
earnings call. Apple Apple out of all
companies, you could tell deliberately
waited until after Micron reported its
earnings to talk about their price hikes
so that they could blame it on memory
because, hey, look how good Micron's
doing. Clearly, they have so much
demand. supply is in big shortage. So
that's natural reason why we can blame
it for our our price raises. Now, I'm
not against Apple raising prices.
Apple's a premium product. You don't
have to buy it if you don't want to.
It's it's not like it's milk or eggs or
meat or bread, right? It's not something
you have to have. It's not shelter over
your head. Like this makes sense. This
is something you can have or not have.
It's a want. I don't care what you do
with wants. Go ahead, raise your prices.
If it makes sense, it makes sense. as
end of the day, Apple has a has a
responsibility to its shareholders, its
investors. So, Apple's got to do what's
right for them. But I just think it's
hilarious that no one else is talking
about this that they strategically wait
until right after the earnings call for
Micron. How convenient. But that tells
you how important right now memory is.
How important Micron is, how important
SanDisk is. Now, SanDisk isn't quite
memory. They're storage. They're
essentially long-term memory, if you
will. Keep that in mind. Okay, so put a
pin in that. And funny enough, you guys
see this AOC AOC is now it's so hilar
this just shows you how how much smarter
you are than these politicians. AOC says
Congress should break up Apple amid
looming price hikes for for MacBooks and
iPhones. Okay, one, it's discretionary.
No one needs it. You don't have to have
it. You don't don't buy if you want. And
by the way, she was probably, you know,
talking about this on her iPhone or or
posting about it on X, you know, from
her iPhone. The irony, the same way she
was still driving a Tesla, right, when
she was complaining about it. So, you
use iPhone, you drive a Tesla, and
you're going to complain about both
companies. It's it's it's quite quite
the joke. But this just shows you that
the politicians don't even know what the
hell is going on and what they're
talking about. Apple is the symptom,
okay? They're not the the the reason,
okay? Even if Apple's making this up,
they're still pointing towards memory as
the reason. So memory is the thing we
got to focus on. So let's talk about
Tesla then. Did you guys know, take a
look at this. This is the terra fab
that's supposed to be between Tesla,
XAI, and SpaceX. Now it's essentially
SpaceX and Tesla. And soon it might just
be SpaceX. We'll see what happens.
Merger, no merger. I don't want to talk
about that drama today. What I want to
bring your attention to, though, is the
terapab. Did you know that the Terraab
will also be building memory? Did you
know that? Yeah. They're essentially
going to be doing the full package.
They're going to be doing the GPUs,
CPUs, high bandwidth memory. They're
doing everything. It's going to be a
one-stop vertically integrated
juggernaut. If you think Micron and
Memor is the bottleneck, if you think
what you see from Micron and SanDisk is
real, if you believe what they're saying
on their earnings call, if you believe
that this is so damn critical to the
market right now that Apple is choosing
to blame that for their own price
raises, their own price hikes, you
should be excited about this tariff. And
I hear it all the time. Oh, it's going
to take them years. Oh, they don't know
what they're doing. They've never done
this. yada yada yada. Okay. Well, this
is also the same company that apparently
uh couldn't build Teslas or vehicles
because they weren't in the car industry
and they just had a bunch of laptop
batteries. This is the same company that
would never be able to make their own
chips for or design their own chips for
autonomy and they had to use Nvidia
Intel and then they went and did it
anyways, right? This is the same company
that they don't what do they know about
data centers and now next thing you know
that they're building the biggest data
centers in the world. Jensen's talking
about they did in 20 days what would
take other people years and years.
They're the company that oh well they're
not a battery company. Oh, they're
building batteries and not just building
batteries, but doing it in a whole
revolutionary way that reduces cost,
reduces footprint. Oh, they're not a
mining company or refining company.
Well, they're now they're refining
lithium. How often are we going to go
through this? Luckily, us as Tesla
investors, we know what's going to
happen here. This is a big deal. If you
think what you're seeing with Micron
SanDisk is real, this is a big deal.
Don't sleep on this. Don't sleep on
this. Let's talk a little bit more about
kind of the exciting news. Let's talk
about Tesla. All right. I keep hearing
all kinds of stuff. Oh, Tesla
sandbagging. Oh, they're delaying the
roll out. I call BS on this. I don't
know what CEO, what Elon Musk you guys
are all used to. I've never seen that
that version of Elon Musk. I've seen him
pedal to the metal, pressing people,
firing people because they're not moving
fast enough. Do you really think he's
going to wait? Do you really think he's
going to sit there and delay something
because he wants a merger and to get a
better price and all this crap? No.
Makes no sense. It's like you can't have
it both ways. One, okay, so he's
sandbagging it, right? So that he can
get at a better price, but he's going to
need all of our votes on it. So
obviously he can't have a low price
otherwise no one's going to vote for it.
That doesn't make sense, now does it?
Okay, great. that cancelled each other
out. What might actually be happening?
Maybe they're just getting ready for a
launch. Maybe they're just making sure
they do things the right way. Maybe
they're just not there with everything.
And then they dropped this. They dropped
the information for first responders for
the cyber cap. This launched this past
weekend. This is a big deal. And before
this, we also saw Nitsa approve the
rules for autonomous vehicles to not
need steering wheels or pedals. Clearly,
there are things that need to happen in
order for them to launch at scale. Stop
with all this all this like negative
hate that you put on Elon Musk. Listen,
if he does something stupid, well, we
should all call it out. But to to place
this nefarious motive on this guy who
has been nothing but Tesla and just
shareholder friendly first is insane. He
didn't have to do everything he did for
the SpaceX IPO for us. He didn't have to
do that. He doesn't have to sit there
and continually grow the shareholder
meeting for everyone to come. He doesn't
have to sit there and listen and take
questions from shareholders. They don't
have to do any of this stuff, but they
do it. He doesn't have to interact with
all of us in the public, right? This is
not the CEO that you guys have all been
invested in for all these years. So,
enough with this whole he's sandbagging
it for this or that. Again, even if that
were the case, think about how stupid of
a move that would be for Elon. Elon M
just such an idiot to do that because he
would have to sandbag it and not launch
it all the way until we get the vote.
And then when we get to that vote, he
better hope that we're not all pissed
cuz the stock's down and we're not going
to vote for it. And then you have to
wait for the actual merger to happen.
What? And then he's going to finally
launch it in November, in December, in
January. No. When it's ready, they're
going to launch it. What do you think?
They're just gonna have all these cyber
cabs stationed and parked everywhere
just waiting to go for another six
months. I mean, look at this. They're
literally now finally testing cyber cabs
with no driver behind the steering
wheel, if there's even even a steering
wheel in there. They're progressing.
They're moving as fast and as safe as
they can. There are steps to this. In
fact, look at this. This was just taken
today. This is Tesla cyber cabs in
Houston. All right. 78 cyber cabs
counted yesterday in the Houston fleet
lot at Tesla Cypress. Okay, 78. Plus,
you add in all these red and black uh
cyber cabs, uh excuse me, robo taxis,
the Model Y's, they are clearly
prepping. They're clearly staging.
Everyone just needs to relax. You guys
have made it all this time and now all
of a sudden this drama is stirring up.
These rumors about SpaceX and Tesla
merger, these rumors about Tesla or Elon
sandbagging for whatever reason. All I'm
saying is this says more about those
people who are saying these things than
it does about Elon, Tesla, or SpaceX. It
says what they would do, what they're
thinking. They're thinking the worst.
They're assuming the worst. I like to
operate under under the philosophy of I
trust the people who have proven to be
trustworthy and until they show
otherwise I will continue to trust them.
Look, trust is something that's really
difficult to build up. It takes a long
time to build up trust. When someone
lies to you, it's gone like that. That's
why trust matters. That's why you can't
mess around with trust. That's why I'm
so transparent with all of you guys. I
don't have ads. I don't have Well,
YouTube might put ads in here, but I
don't have sponsors. I don't put stuff
in the middle of all this crap. I don't
I I'm just me. I I don't care about
revenue from YouTube or anything. I'm
just me. I'm here to help you, tell you
like it is, tell you what I think and
that's it. Hopefully, I can be signal.
Hopefully, I can help you make one
better decision in your life, in your
week going forward. And that matters.
And I think that matters to Elon a lot.
Again, he cares and I care about
actually doing good, not the perception
of doing good. Let's give him the
benefit of the doubt and let's just see
what might be happening around July 4th.
Seems like there's some very interesting
things happening in July. It seems like
July is going to be a very big month.
We're seeing lots of things start to
come out and I think everyone needs to
be patient and relax. Relax. It's been
10 plus years. I think everyone can wait
a little longer. And remember, Tesla
stock may be down, but it's not just
Tesla. It's the market. The whole market
had a pullback. And obviously Tesla's
going to have a big impact when market
has a little bit of a pullback because
it's a more volatile stock. It has a
higher beta waiting. This is normal. We
are still at one of the highest levels
we have ever been for this time of year
on Tesla. Yes, it could go lower. Yes,
it could go higher. You're missing the
forest for the trees. Look at this. Look
at all these cyber cavs. It's happening.
Just be patient. We're gonna get there.
I also want to throw this out here. This
is Larry Goldberg saying, "I see several
statements like this claiming that the
fleet won't be able to match the
functionality of the Cyber Cab, but can
find no reason for it. There isn't
anything in the long list of
functionality of the Cyber Cab that
cannot be replicated by standard Model
Y, Model 3, Cybertruck, or any other
model. Any software capabilities on the
Cyber Cab should be easily added to the
fleet. Nothing in the hardware appears
to be critical requirement. Josh West
here says, "It seems every time we learn
something new about cyber caps, the
concept of regular Teslas becoming
roboap taxes becomes dimmer and dimmer."
And then he just says, "We are about to
find out. This is more noise, more
people wanting to just assume the
worst." Look, Elon said that they would
do right by everyone who has hardware 4
and even hardware 3. He even said in
last Ernie's call, they'll set up
stations to be able to modify those
vehicles. It's in Tesla's best interest
to do this. Let's just be frank. This is
even out of the goodness of their heart.
It's just in their best interest to do
this. So, let's stop taking the man and
what he said he would do and discounting
it. I believe he has always done what he
said he was going to do. Yes, his
timelines may be late. Yes, the KPIs he
sets for himself might change. Yes, I
get pissed off about that. Yes, I wish
they would advertise. And I think it's a
big UN goal and I think it's deserves to
humanity that they don't advertise about
FSD and what it can do. However, they
don't lie to us. They don't tell us
things that uh or they don't do things
that are nefarious to hurt shareholders.
That is not in their ethos. That's not
something they've ever done. People need
to relax with that. All right? People
need to sit back, enjoy your summer, go
hang out with your family. Okay? Tesla
will get there and they're going to get
there soon. Probably a lot sooner than
you even think. And in fact, if they
start launching something in July,
you're going to look back and be like,
"Oh yeah, it actually wasn't that much
longer. It only took about actually like
3 months from what they said would
happen." And all will be forgiven. But
you will look like a fool for going out
and freaking out and saying all this
crap. Now, I understand there's money on
the line. I get that. I have money on
the line, too. But are you a long-term
investor or you not? And if you are,
then you need to learn to be a long-term
investor. Don't be a short-term investor
ma masquerade as a long-term investor. I
see a lot of that. If you want to learn
how to make money on top of your
portfolio while you wait for these
things to play out to be patient, that's
why I teach the option crash course.
That's what I do. That's why despite
Tesla being down 15% for the year, my
portfolio is not down 15% for a year.
Now, if I only look at my stocks, yeah,
those are down. What can I do? But with
options and the way I've been trading, I
am way up for the year. In fact, I'm
beating the market for the year. Think
about that. It's kind of crazy. So, my
best not advice for all you guys is just
trust in the process. It's going to be
okay. It does not make any sense to
build all these vehicles, load them up
in all these sites, release all this uh
emergency uh first responder type
notices, all of a sudden Nitsa just
randomly uh goes ahead and talks about
the steering wheels and the the pedals.
You think that's a coincidence? You
think that might be one of the things
that Tesla might have been waiting for
that they knew was in the pipeline that
they knew was coming? Again, just think
about it. I hope everybody has a very
good week. I want to thank everybody who
was wishing me to feel better. Uh,
luckily I feel like I'm essentially 100%
better. I was able to get to the gym
yesterday and today, hopefully tomorrow
again. So, it feels good to kind of get
back into into the the flow of things.
Uh, you know, it's it's been hard to go
to the gym. Uh, I went on Friday and or
excuse me, I went on Saturday and I'm
telling you right now, I I kicked my own
ass. I was breathing so heavy. I was so
winded. But you know what? You got to do
that. You got to shock the system at
times. And so I encourage you if you're
struggling with anything in life, if
whether it's to go to the gym, whether
it's at work, whether it's to start that
new company, shock yourself. Do
something to jolt. because if you don't,
you're just going to keep doing the same
thing. So, that's my little uh extra
tidbit for you guys. Go shock the
system. All right. I appreciate you all.