Channel:     electrified
Title:       INTERVIEW: When TSLA Stock Finally Breaks Out - Gene Munster ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNZ8BDPudNQ
Published:   2026-05-17 16:28 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-17 17:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. You guys know the drill
with these interviews. Early likes,
comments, and shares are an awesome way
to say thank you for Gan for taking the
time. If you guys don't know Gan
Monster, he's incredibly wellrespected
in the tech space, and he's been in this
game now for decades, so he knows his
stuff. And for those interested in AI
and bleeding edge technology, I'd highly
encourage you to check out Deep Waters
Frontier Tech ETF. The ticker's LOL. And
this Frontier Tech ETF has outperformed
the Morning Star benchmark by 23% over
the past year. So truly shout out to
Gene and his team at Deepwater because
they're doing great work. And lastly, if
you want to learn more about Gan and his
team at Deepwater, it's deepwatermt.com.
But without further ado, here's the
interview. Hope you all enjoy. Okay,
Tesla stock back in November 2021, it
was $411.
Gan, we're coming up on 5 years here.
Tesla stock, you know, is effectively
still in that range. So, um, from your
view, what is the market looking for for
Tesla to really break out of this price
range?
&gt;&gt; The question is now how big of a player
Tesla's going to be in physical AI. and
they've made this shift with investors
because back when four years ago this
was largely an electric story. It was
largely about EVs and the growth at that
point you know we were seeing
accelerating growth numbers off of high
numbers 30 40% kind of delivery growth
uh per year numbers. So now those have
kind of gravitated back. They went
negative for a few quarters were kind of
around plus 5 10%ish. So that shift in
the story has been about some of the
hope around what uh AI can do in the
physical world. But to have this break
out, I think we're going to have to see
some more tangible uh results that
investors can instead of dream at night
about ultimately what Tesla can do in
physical AI. Uh they can start to sleep
well at night and start to see some
tangible evidence. And uh that of course
is going to come in the form of
everything from expansion of robo taxi
terms of miles driven cities the number
of safety drivers to anything
incremental around optimist and
eventually is there anything more that
they can do with SpaceX. So that's kind
of the big picture around the breakout.
It really is just reinforcing adding
some more tangible results to this
physical AI story. To follow up on that,
would you say it's more the market's
waiting for a profit move because it's
kind of stagnated and of course Tesla's
profitability has shifted over the last,
you know, four to five years or is it
really just the ability for Tesla to
scale? Because a lot of people would
make the argument even robo taxi now is
still somewhat of a beta phase. It's,
you know, super small scale. So, I'm
assuming it's a combination of both, but
kind of how would you
&gt;&gt; I would probably put it more on the
ladder, more on the showing some
competence or showing that they're
getting product market fit on the
scaling side, less about profitability.
Um, profitability still kind of plays
into the equation. I want to give just
one example of that is when they
reported their March quarter, uh, things
were fine until they talked about this
capex of more than 25 billion. Now,
three months ago, they said it was going
to be more than 20 billion for calendar
six. And so, from my perspective, going
from 20 to 25 billion or 22 to 27
billion, whatever that number might be,
is really insignificant when you factor
in they got 30 plus billion in cash and
uh they're still running right around
kind of break even on a cash flow basis.
It doesn't seem to be alarming by any
means, but the market did respond
negatively to that, which does give
credibility to your point that there
still is a conversation. They still do
care. Investors uh do care about that
profitability. It's a little bit of a
headscratcher to me because when you're
building something that is really kind
of the whole framework about how we
think about movement, uh whether it's
human movement or vehicle movement is
likely going to change in the next uh
decade. I mean just uh longstanding
paradigms over the last hundred years
could change. I think when you start to
look at it from that perspective, it's
surprising to me that any investors put
any weight into near-term profitability.
But nonetheless, I do think that the
substance around this really is around,
as you said, kind of going from a beta
phase. It's a good way to describe where
robo taxi is today. Obviously, you know,
uh, Cyber Cab non-existent today. Maybe
just starting some fractional number of
units, but largely non-existent. And,
uh, I don't know what you'd put Optimus
in. They they get they get a little bit
defensive when you call it a science
experiment, but I mean, that's the
reality of where it's at.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll circle back to uh a few of
those points, but I did want to ask you
about uh Tesla's P&amp;D reports and how
investors should be thinking about
those. So, there was a time when we used
to look forward to those like Christmas
morning. they were felt like real stock
movers and especially when it comes to
Tesla's auto deliveries, you know. So,
can that still be a needle mover for
Tesla's stock or would the growth have
to be so massive at this point because
Tesla has so many other bigger business
lines, you know, in the works?
&gt;&gt; You know, like you said, is that it was
highly anticipated, it's become less
anticipated.
probably something if you're going to
kind of force rank the like the
profitability part of the conversation
and the opportunity of just expansion of
some of these physical AI initiatives
the you know the production delivery
report is probably something between two
of those above where the profitability
is maybe below kind of the long-term
vision but they are still it's still
relevant and my sense is that I think
it's going to become uh this is a
contrarian view but I think that it's
going to become more relevant in the
future not to say that the other things
that we're talking about about the big
picture where they're going. That still
will be the driver. But I think um
there's an opportunity for Tesla really
to capitalize on what I still see as a a
big shift in terms of what's going on
within automotive and obviously how that
could potentially lay the groundwork for
future autonomy. And four years ago, we
did a tour of meeting with different
traditional automotive companies. And I
remember one of the themes from some of
those companies were just because we've
been around here a long time doesn't
mean we're going to be here in the
future. And I mean they were this is at
the time when there was this peak
enthusiasm around EVs. And I look at the
recent quarter from Honda as an example.
I mean I actually uh this is
embarrassing but I kind of forgot that
Honda made cars. Um I saw recently saw
an advertisement for Honda and I was
thinking are they is it outboard motors
they're selling for or is it for like
lawnmowers? What are they? That's right.
they make cars. But I mean there is uh I
think this big opportunity that Tesla
has around electrification and the bump
that we've had more recently around the
price of energy and kind of stoking some
of the demand for EVs that really still
is just a blip on the screen. The bigger
picture is this simple future of
automotive is going to be electric. Uh
the reason is that it's more efficient.
It's not a political comment. It's not a
renewable energy comment. It's about the
it's just simply more efficient to move
things around when you have
electrification. And in that case, Tesla
has of course the benefit of scale. And
these companies that if I go back and
look at those companies I talked about
four years ago and look at the changes
that they've made to their investments
in EVs over the past two years. So at
least their outlook for what they're
going to be investing. On average, it's
down by about a third. So they're still
investing in EVs, but they're pulling
back that by call it a third. And
essentially what it does is puts you
paints them in a very difficult corner.
When EVs start to become more popular,
when some of the ch range anxiety and
the charging network, some of those kind
of sort themselves out, they're actually
left with a very difficult position
because they don't have scale. They
can't produce cars at a affordable or at
a profitable rate. And uh I think it's
going to be even more advantage Tesla.
Set a different way is that right now
Tesla's business delivery is expected to
grow, call it 10%ish this year. I think
you could see a scenario within the next
5 years where they're growing again at
20 30%.
&gt;&gt; I was interested in that because of
course so many legacy auto makers have
pulled back from, you know, their EV
plans. And so I was wondering if Wall
Street in the market was starting to
think, hey, maybe this electrification
is really going to play out over
decades. you know, it's not going to be
this 5 to 10 year transition where
everybody goes in and then maybe EVs
stay more niche for longer. So, you
think the market still thinks EVs are
are certainly the future?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think I don't think the market
believes that. That's what I believe. I
think that uh I think broader you
described it well what traditional auto
thinks. I would think if you got them in
a candid moment, they would say that
they believe electrification is the
future, but like you mentioned, it's 15
years away. And at this point, it makes
more sense for them to invest in gas.
So, I think that um but I believe these
things can get traction more quickly.
And I think that even if you take their
case, let's say I'm wrong that it
doesn't get to that 30% growth, that
instead Tesla grows at kind of a
sustainable delivery growth of 15% for
the next decade, something like that.
Even if you take that perspective, there
still is this crossover point where
traditional auto really needs to bite
the bullet and move towards
electrification. You have to think about
your whole product line. Remember,
General Motors said that was going to be
their future and they've totally backed
off on that. And so you at some point
there is going to be a a point of
reckoning. Now that sounds dramatic.
It's not going to be a one quarter or
one year, but kind of a multi-year
reckoning that these automakers are
going to have. Now I just point to this.
you know what's the accelerant on on all
of this? It is related to autonomy. And
part of the reasons why I don't believe
that this is 15 years away is I think
we're making a tremendous amount of
impact. We can talk about what
specifically has happened around FSD,
what Tesla's been doing more recently
that's causing this breakout in miles
driven by FSD, but I think that uh that
alone is going to really elevate the
utility at a safety point at a minimum
and kind of a convenience factor at a
maximum. I think that that's going to
really elevate EVs in the minds of
consumers and and really get traditional
auto in a more difficult place sooner
than most believe. Have you had a chance
to use FSD by the way?
&gt;&gt; Uh, absolutely. Like I think that just
in my testing over the last year, I
would say I would describe it as, you
know, the breakthrough moment for me
probably was in the last couple couple
months. And uh specifically is that the
amount of interventions has gone down to
almost almost none compares to, you
know, six months. I don't have the exact
data with me, but it would, you know,
you'd have multiple interventions per
day. And it begs the uh I think it
really is surprising. I think most
people uh don't fully understand this.
And you know, for those of you who
don't, I think Tesla still has a kind of
a two-day program where you can go and
take a car out for two days. Uh highly
recommend it. You know, especially if
you're skeptical about Tesla as uh give
it a try and I think you will be I think
you'll be blown away at how how good it
is. And you've probably heard that
before, but it's one of those things
where you don't fully understand it
until you've experienced it. It's still
most entertaining. I mean, we've been
talking about this for like 6 years, but
it's still really entertaining to me to
see I'm old. I'm 55, but to see people
40 and older in these autonomous
vehicles, how they respond to people who
are 25 and younger, and you can imagine
that uh the 25 and younger uh could care
less that it's autonomy. It's just it's
just kind of the way it should be and
they don't think twice about it.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Tesla just put a video on their
homepage of some people actually
experiencing FSD for the first time and
their reactions and I've been saying
they should do that for so long because
candid reactions are great, you know,
and it's not like doesn't feel like a
paid promotional thing. It's just people
experiencing cool technology. And so
&gt;&gt; yeah, that's why we always say butts and
seats, you I uh remember recently I got
elementary uh kids and um them having uh
friends in the car for the first time
that were in there and they didn't even
care and and I kept turning around
saying well look at the car it's like
it's driving itself and they could have
cared less and I think it really speaks
to um I mean it speaks to where we're
going and ultimately I mean it does
speak to the machine and and if if you
give me like one if I kind of have just
one more minute on the topic
just in terms of uh what I think I mean
there's this the piece around technology
there's a piece around trying to predict
where the world's going you know there's
a for me that's a competition to be
right on that to get those trends right
but I think there's also a very human
piece to this around what's going on
with uh autonomy and I think some of the
reluctance from lawmakers to make the
path easier for Tesla and and Whimo and
and if other automotive companies want
to get on
2024, 43,000 people in the US lost their
lives in car accidents. If you take
Tesla's data uh at face value for
autopilot, and I'll put autopilot and
FSD loosely in the same com uh
conversation, 7x safer. I do believe
that. I think we're continually more
distracted as humans and driving. I
mean, you take 42,000 43,000 divide by
7, you get to six. What's the price of
what's the value of uh 37,000 lives a
year? I mean, it blows me away. People
get up in the morning, they go to work,
they don't come home. And I don't say
that to be like an alarmist. I say it
because it's silly. It's silly that we
have technology out there that can make
such a big difference, but we're still
like nitpicking at it. Nitpicking in the
sense of anything goes wrong. I feel
horrible when things do go wrong around
autonomy, but I feel equally as horrible
uh when humans make mistakes.
&gt;&gt; Amen. you're preaching to the choir with
that one. I know I know many of the
audience agrees and you you mentioned
Whimo. So I have to ask I mean
&gt;&gt; whether you or the market or what you're
hearing, what is the thought about
Whimo's future and their path to
profitability? As far as we know,
they're not profitable now and maybe not
really close and that's before Tesla
really scales with the cyber cabin at a
cost profile that's likely significantly
superior to Whimo. So, is it just
because the TAM is so big that Google
probably has a runway to figure it out
or what are people thinking about Whimo?
&gt;&gt; It's it's a bigger market than what I
realized before I started to do more
work on it and to kind of I'll start
with a conclusion is that I think that
both Tesla and Whimo are going to have a
piece at this and will be uh successful.
I think Tesla will be more successful,
but I think Whimo has a a very large
opportunity. I think companies like Uber
and Lyft and uh are going to be in some
tight spots and traditional auto being
in a tight spot. But as far as Whimo,
the way I kind of just put some very
loose numbers, high level numbers around
this is that uh the last valuation was
call it 120 150 billion uh dollars.
That's kind of earlier on this year.
Tesla $1.6 trillion market cap. You can
debate about how much that is based on
robo taxi and my sense is it's more than
more than that. If you look at the total
miles driven and they give out these
kind of uh kind of oneoff updates and
you have to kind of fill in lines
between but generally I think of uh
Whimo as driving about 50x 50 times the
number of miles that Tesla does. So I
kind of think on like a I think a daily
basis it's something like 4 million
miles a day are driven by Whimo today.
And my sense is it's kind of around
80,000 miles. Now I'm using the Tesla
investor deck and uh just basically
feeding it into Grock and asking you
know calculate what the implied number
of miles per quarter is and you can
divide it out. you're going to get
pretty close. But and then separately,
if you look at the number of rides that
they talk about and you can do some
calculations on the number of vehicles
that Tesla has, it kind of comes out to
that 50 to one kind of metric. So, I
mean, if this is a sporting event, it's
the score is 50 to zip. I I don't know
if that's a football game or a baseball
game would kind of have a different
dynamic based on what, but needless to
say, I think we are. Whimo is doing a
great job. I do think that they have a
place. I think uh traditional auto when
it comes to autonomy is in a tough spot.
I can say this that we have a venture
business and so we get the benefit of of
meeting with companies that are trying
to help traditional auto get their game
together with respect to autonomy. And
one thing that really surprised me is
recently hearing about the efforts that
Elon made a year ago to reach out to
these automotive makers and license FSD
to them and across the board they said
they don't want to do it. They felt like
this is, you know, kind of the long-term
holy grail. It's kind of ironic that
they're not spending on EVs, but yet
still somehow say that autonomy is
really important to them long term. But
when I look at the tech that's being
built, these are really great. These are
great founders, companies that are in
the best of position, but it is in my
opinion very difficult to compete with
the scale that Tesla's already built.
And so, but Whimo has good scale too in
fairness. And so, you know, how they
approach the market because they don't
make cars. They may have a better
opportunity potentially license. I
haven't heard as much about that, but
license their autonomy. There's
obviously a hardware piece that's pretty
complicated with Whimo versus Tesla. But
needless to say, I think that the Whimo
does have uh a seat at the table.
&gt;&gt; I want to shift gears a little bit. So,
you may have seen it on X. Uh big debate
right now in Tesla land about Tesla
potentially merging with SpaceX. A lot
of it comes down to valuations and the
truth is we just don't have the
proposal. We don't have specifics now.
But if that is a likely outcome, how do
you think Tesla investors should be
thinking about that looming possibility?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think it's um a high
possibility. I would say high as in
greater than 50% over the next five
years that something happens. And it
comes from a view that we have of what
SpaceX wants to do. And we're going to
see their perspective likely in the next
week or so. They'll likely be public in
the next two months. But my sense is
that they're going to SpaceX will
position themselves largely as kind of
this internet space distribution company
and the launch business as well. kind of
what you'd think people would think
about SpaceX. But I have a sense that
over the next year, two years, and this
is where it starts to impact Tesla, is
that the me or the investment thesis
around uh SpaceX is going to become a
sovereign AI company. And sovereign AI
basically means that they control the
whole stack. everything from energy to
chip design, chip manufacturing uh
distribution whether it's through what
they currently have with Starlink or
data centers in the sky to you know the
the the the underlying models with
Grock. So they've got this kind of
unique approach of NN. And when I think
about all these topics, we're talking
about Optimus and robo taxi and
electrification and think about all of
Elon's other endeavors that he's
involved in. I believe AI is at the
highest his highest level of importance.
I think that he does see this as an
exponential risk to humanity and also
sees the opportunity around AI as being
bigger than uh kind of all these some of
these parts. So what's what does all
that mean? is that if in fact uh the
kind of the narrative or at least how
they're positioning the company and how
they want to grow the company is to be
this sovereign AI company, there's a
blaring hole within that that logic and
that of course is around physical AI.
That's one piece that SpaceX doesn't do
and of course Tesla would add that to
it. So uh you can look at kind of the
governance uh issues around this. I
think the simple answer is that uh
they're worse than they look. I think
they would be able to find a way around
that if it's truly in the uh best uh the
eyes of the th those investors and and
this is not a price target. This is not
investment advice here but just to give
kind of bring it all together. Tesla's a
trillion half dollar company today call
it um SpaceX rumored to be 1.7 trillion.
It's going to be all over the place once
it uh starts trading. But kind of just
roughly think of those two as a $3
trillion company. Nvidia's 5.7 trillion
today. If you build sovereign AI and the
importance of having AI that can't be
disrupted by a government or some third
party, if you truly build that, I would
my sense is it would be probably the
most valuable company in the world. And
so, uh, that Tesla piece is an important
part of getting that whole sovereign AI
story together. to put yourself in a
Tesla investor's shoes. Of course,
objectives and all of that is different
and none of this is ever financial
advice. It's just kind of think through
ideas. Would that merger be something
that you're rooting for and does it
change whether you're looking from a
short-term or a long-term perspective?
&gt;&gt; I'm definitely rooting for it because I
think what they're trying to accomplish
would be accelerated if they all come
together. what's been around for a long
time, this has been well documented, is
you'll talk to different people at his
companies and they'll they'll refer to
them working themselves working for Elon
and they they don't have I' I've had
interactions with people with one of the
company and then they'll be sending an
email their email addresses with another
one of his companies. I mean, they kind
of jump back and forth. uh that of
course is relatively limited if you look
at the scope of all the companies but I
think it is indicative of um kind of
this idea that they kind of belong
together that's a small part of it
what's more important is when you start
to vertically integrate it's pretty
clear that you can accelerate adoption
and so you can get kind of goofy like
you said it's kind of a fun topic right
now is just you know what does all this
mean together and beyond to say that it
does matter to have them under the same
uh roof and I think it it allows just
for for faster revs on the products
which when you're in a sprint to become
relevant in physical AI speed means a
lot and so I think that I would
absolutely uh root for these two to come
together.
&gt;&gt; I did want to circle back to the
profitability piece of this autonomous
race. So with Tesla bringing the Cyber
Cab out, uh we believe Tesla will be
able to offer ride hail prices at a
fraction of the competition and maybe
more importantly they can do so
sustainably. You know, they can get to
profitability faster on that business
line. So in your view, how durable is
that lead?
&gt;&gt; Uh I I I think that well the way I would
say the lead right now, I mean the
official lead is with Whimo. I mean, as
I mentioned, kind of 50 to1, but I think
the lead in terms of tech is with Tesla.
How durable is that lead? I would say
that it is uh I don't like just throwing
adjectives out there. I think it's very
durable. Well, what does that mean?
What's very durable mean? Uh I think
that there's basically two players out
there who really matter in this. You
could ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar
ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar
ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar ar argue what
do is doing in autonomy is kind of in
the same breath but um so I I think that
uh you know this lowerc cost approach is
definitely beneficiary there there is a
question about what we know about
Tesla's behavior and how does that
inform us about how they're going to
price rides in the future as it stands
today outside of kind of the initial
beta with robo taxi they were you know
they had the $5 beta or whatever that
was $10 and and now they're kind of more
or less us gravitating near to where
other prices are. We haven't seen that
aggressive kind of drop. And for a long
time, I had thought back to looking at
what we've learned from looking at their
car business. I for a long time thought
that their scale, I mean, doing five 10x
the number of EVs as their competition
would allow them really to plow into
this $25,000 attractive. Now, we may
eventually see it, but I've been waiting
a long time for a cheap EV. cheap
defined as 25,000. Average selling price
of a car in the US is about $45,000
today. So, we haven't seen it. Average
selling price of a Tesla, which is
really, you look at Model Y3
combination, is right around 42,
something like that, 3842.
So, they really haven't broken down
there. Set another way, I don't expect
Tesla to go and and just, you know, kind
of wipe out uh kind of the whole
pricing. I think that they will be lower
priced and that's all you need to be.
Typically when people get a lift or an
Uber they typically price check and they
take the the cheapest one even if it's
five 10% cheaper. And so that's kind of
how I generally think about it's
probably five 10 10% cheaper. One thing
I I wanted to mention too just on the
whole ride sharing we talk a lot about
it. I mentioned the number of rides each
of them is doing, but just to put like I
some just perspective on what's going on
is that in the US last year, this 2025,
they don't have official numbers out
yet, but it's it's it's estimated to
have been about 3.3 trillion miles
driven with a T. Now, back pandemic, it
kind of bottomed out at 2.8 or something
like that and kind of has been growing.
But, uh, just kind of think of this as
kind of continual growth. If you look at
the ride hailing market, largely lift
and Uber in the US, they do just over
four billion rides, average ride is
about six miles. So that equates to
about 1 and a half%
of total miles driven in the US is
related to autonomy is related to robo
taxis. Now the reason why I mentioned
that is there's a lot of conversation
about the robo taxi market and n today
the percentage of ads I'm throwing a lot
of numbers at your viewers here your
listeners but
&gt;&gt; got used to it
&gt;&gt; okay about 2% of total miles uh in this
year it was about 1% last year but about
2% of of ride hailing miles are going to
be autonomous this year but if you think
about the total miles driven and this is
for this excludes commercial this is
this light passenger down and light
trucks and passenger. I mean the real
opportunity here is uh around FSD and uh
what you know what ultimately they can
do around that. I'm entertained by
looking at the the deck and then
extrapolating how many miles they're
doing in FSD a year right now and it
comes out to as of the March quarter it
was basically 0.15. So let's we're going
to round up and call it 0.2% 2% of total
miles driven in the US were done by FSD.
What are all these numbers? You can just
forget all the numbers that I went
through and just kind of land on this is
we are scratching the surface of a very
large market. And so I think that when
it comes to Tesla, they're in a great
position. I think Whimo will, as I
mentioned, will benefit from that too.
Many in the retail space think that
there will be a forcing function number
of robo taxis on the road for Tesla
where once that happens the market will
then quickly repric Tesla stock because
that will serve as a validation if you
will that the technology is ready and
safe enough to scale and Tesla has the
infrastructure in place. So one, would
you agree with that sentiment that that
that number exists and then if so what
would you say that number is
&gt;&gt; definitely exists? We talked kind of at
the top of the show about kind of the
importance of seeing that and what is
the you know what's the kind of the
magic number? I mean ultimately where we
want to get to at least if we focus on
that ride healing market I said 2% is
autonomous this year 1% last year. I
think we need to kind of get to a point
the rerating part comes when we're
starting to see eyes to five to 10% of
and we can see a pretty fast takeoff.
People generally favor this and of
course Tesla has the ability to to scale
the number of vehicles up relatively
quickly. But I think that we'll see
these like a true rerating the stock.
I'm not saying that the stock won't go
up. I think the stock will go up as they
launch new markets and there's no
accidents and more people get in it and
kind of get experience and start to
understand just how early we are. I
think there's these kind of subtle but
you can have these kind of breakthrough
reratings. We saw it with Google
recently. We've seen it with Amazon,
Apple's done it over the years, Meta
these kind of breakthrough reratings and
I think that's probably when investors
get eyes that 5 to 10% of the ride
hailing market is going to be
autonomous. Right now we're sitting this
year expectations of 2%.
&gt;&gt; So do you think Wall Street or you
personally like do you guys have eyes we
there's a third party tracker that is
unofficial data but you know says how
many vehicles Tesla has on the road in
each market. So you know we'll call it
60 at this point. Um that's excluding
the Bay Area because that's technically
still not robo taxi and that's
supervised. But if I threw out the
number a thousand to you and I said,
Jean, you know, when when Tesla has a
thousand robo taxis across their
markets, we think, hey, the market will
say, all right, this is validated. It
can scale.
&gt;&gt; Is that a thing?
&gt;&gt; It's incrementally positive. I think
that
&gt;&gt; um I mean, they've got to be moving
towards that. I think that's probably
priced in right now going from 60 to
a,000.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Now the rerating part comes when
you know you go to
like again a rerating is a step function
again I believe that you can have
multiple expansion as you start to move
in anticipation but probably the
rerating part is 5,000 plus you have to
get to a point where
&gt;&gt; where the average person says I get it
and we're far from that. It also seems
that right now a lot of analysts are
still punting when it comes to Optimus.
And I get it. Tesla's been super
secretive about what's going on with V3
that have not showed much of anything
lately. What do you think the catalyst
needs to be? What does Tesla need to do
or show where analysts start to, you
know, create models and start maybe
pricing it in a bit to their Tesla
valuation models?
&gt;&gt; Like you said, it's it's not it's not in
the models. If they would say that
Optimus was shut down today, Tesla would
go down, the stock would go down because
there'd be a sense of like is innovation
uh is there some sort of like sickness
within innovation at at at Tesla? But
actually the business itself, there's
just no expectations built into it. What
do investors need to see? This is um
this is kind of a unique opportunity and
optionality and has I think more
optionality value relative to robo taxi
at least over the next year. And uh the
reason is because the bar is so low. Uh
because I think anybody who's reasonably
thinking of this is saying that we are a
long ways away. I I'll put some
perspective on what a long ways away
means. Elon's comment I think it was a
million for next year. I I I think
there's very few people who believe that
that's on the on the table. So that
whole there's no like anticipation. If
they said they're doing 50,000 I don't
think people would mind that. the I
think what tech investors they have this
code of like if they think something's
gonna really happen if they like high
conviction they'll say it's going to
happen the next year that's high
conviction next year they won't say it's
going to happen tomorrow next year is
high conviction like a typical kind of
um answer non-answer that somebody like
myself will give about trends like
optimist is to say it's going to happen
the next five years it gives you enough
room where it's far enough out that uh
if it doesn't happen gets kicked down
you're still you're right? And if it
doesn't happen anytime soon, you're
right. You kind of win both ways. I I
tend not to like that as an answer.
Sometimes things are five years away. If
you hear people like me saying something
is 5 to 10 years away, it means they
have no idea. And I think that this is 5
to 10 years away, like legitimately have
no idea when when this is going to take
off. Why is that? What they're trying to
solve is incredibly difficult. it it is
um orders of magnitude more difficult
than autonomy on the road and we're
still in 60 cars. And so um the beauty
all that negative comment that I just
had around optimist doesn't change the
reality that it's the biggest X factor
positive X factor to Tesla shares over
the next year. That's again over the
next year I have some higher confidence
that there's going to be something
something will happen. they'll show
something some demo and people will
start to at least start to believe we're
going from science project to beta. I
think they're officially have said we've
moved from science project to beta. Most
investors believe they're still in the
science project phase, but I think that
that is uh some upside and you know
Elon's talked about this stuff uh refers
to half of global GDP is kind of
physical labor and um it's Tesla's
biggest business longer term. And I've
talked with people who are close to the
company, who understand how the
company's working, and I think they
truly believe that. I think that this
opportunity around Optimus is, um, they
believe that's the biggest opportunity.
And so, um, I think that small
improvements could go a long way in
terms of getting investors excited about
Optimus.
&gt;&gt; Some have said beginning of production
will be the catalyst. Others have said
it'll be when Tesla has Optimus V3
working in the factory. But I've tended
to think that it won't be until Tesla
sells Optima Optimize to a third party.
Exactly. Because then it's at we will
have maybe a little bit more insight,
it's more reliable. So is that a
reasonable thought pattern?
&gt;&gt; It does. I mean the you know I talk
about this year and I think I do think
that as we see improvements and they
show working in the factory, I think
that's going to be all incremental to
people's confidence. But I think the
real if we're going to say the rerating
around Optimus is when a a third party
now you can't have Pepsi buying the
semiis like they there was that was a
head fake several years ago they
announced some customers and they're
going to take delivery of five and state
of California and and it just just never
happened. So there is a little bit of
that. Uh what we're going to have to see
is I I do think that would be a big step
a customer actually saying a third party
saying they're going to take it. I agree
with you.
&gt;&gt; Okay, great to hear that. Uh, speaking
of the Tesla Semi, it still seems to be
overlooked by a lot of analysts, maybe
they just don't put it in their notes,
but clearly the focus is autonomy and
optimist. So, do we think that that
business line is largely already priced
into Tesla's valuation, or is the market
still waiting for validation that, hey,
this is going to be adopted at scale? I
think we you can learn a lot about where
these companies are going by how much
they talk about things and um I'll give
you like an example that's not a Tesla
example is Apple talked Apple talked a
lot about vision pro uh it came out it
was very expensive they didn't sell very
many of them but Tim Cook for the the
next year after that every public
appearance he made when they had product
events when they had their developer
conference on earnings calls he always
led with vision pro over For the last
year and a half, two years, they haven't
said anything about Vision Pro.
I think Vision Pro is still around. I
think they're going to do something in
glasses. I think they'll have AirPods
with cameras. I think there's something
that they're doing there around physical
AI. But just the amount that they talk
about it matters. And the reason why it
matters is that you think inside these
companies for them to actually have an
initiative that really moves the needle,
you have to have a lot of force behind
it and a lot of people working on it and
and data points naturally kind of fall
out into the media and the news cycle
and we just I I still haven't heard as
much. So what does all that mean? is
that in your and kind of in the sum of
the parts for Tesla, the semi should
still be on the the the card. I think it
has less expectations than what Optimus
is, understandably less. And I mean the
the if you look at kind of even the ASPs
of 200,000 for a vehicle something like
that and the autonomy piece which could
be really valuable for long haul but
even put all that together this is kind
of a five 10% kind of an opportunity
where you could see optimist like
doubling or tripling their business. So
um it's just like orders of magnitude.
It's nice. I would love to see it. I'm
always blown away being behind a truck.
Like the concept of downshifting.
I live by a highway. Trucks downshift
all the time, which is just pure
insanity that you still have to do that.
That there's a world where we still have
to do that. And obviously that's a good
thing when it comes to electric semis.
&gt;&gt; Speaking of valuation, how do you think
investors should be thinking about a
fair value for Tesla stock? It's the
impossible question really. But I mean,
how do you guys think about it? Is it
really only DCF models, the traditional
valuation metrics for a company like
Tesla out the window or how do you
approach it?
&gt;&gt; So, I was I mentioned my age and that
put me kind of in the sweet spot of what
happened 25 years ago in tech. I know
what happens when you I saw it firsthand
when when when people get ahead of
themselves about where a company's going
and what its potential can be. uh and I
think uh we're the simple answer is if
you try to put numbers around this you
can make it you can make the valuation
say whatever you want to I think the
question is more a religious question
it's uh do you believe that
uh AI is going to be smarter than humans
and then if that's that that's the first
question if that's the case do you
believe that Tesla wants to infuse AI
across their products Um and then you
look around the table and see who else
is there who can kind of build towards
this future. And uh I think when you
when you get that when you start to look
at it from that perspective, it becomes
pretty clear there there is I don't
think there's any company in physical AI
that is even remotely close maybe Whimo
remotely close to what Tesla's trying to
accomplish. And why does that matter
when it comes to valuation is I I uh I
know I could come up with a 10 trillion
dollar valuation. I I I'm not doing that
because I want to be intellectually
honest here is I don't know. But I do
know where the world's going and I know
that Tesla's going to be at the front of
that. And typically when you have those
two together, shareholders are rewarded.
And just for fun, Gene, no pressure at
all, no financial advice again, but what
would your prediction be of when Tesla
stock finally breaks out of this
year-long price range and hits, you
know, 600s and beyond?
&gt;&gt; I think I said 600 and beyond.
I think we could be within a year and a
half, we could be at 600. I I I I choose
that carefully because a year is like
high confidence. I said two to five
years is kind of a little bit of a
throwaway. So, a year and a half. So,
I'm seeing end of 2027,
we're at 600.
&gt;&gt; The macro space, it's a loaded thing and
we don't have a whole lot of time left,
but can you give us like a 30,000 foot
view and maybe is it going to be a
limiter right now? It seems pretty
confusing with what's going on, the
recent CPI print, rate hikes coming and
all this stuff. So, how do you view the
macro? Is that a lid right now for the
next year?
&gt;&gt; I mean, it can I mean, our general view
is that we're going to see a pullback in
tech here over the next six months. Uh
we don't do a ton of position. We have
made some changes. We have a an ETF LUP
that invests in frontier tech companies
below 500 billion in market cap. We
think it's important to own companies
like Tesla and Apple, but uh we're we're
kind of looking for performance outside
of that. Uh but within that we have made
uh some changes in part because of the
macro. So this is the way I we generally
approach it is you have core positions
and then you trade around the core
position. And when we think about
trading around a core position, uh you
think about uh keeping 80% of the
position in place and you might uh take
it up or down 10% kind of depending on
what's going on. Uh the the big things
of course geopolitical and the
geopolitical piece benefits this whole
Tesla SpaceX combination because you
kind of start to orbit above the
geopolitical conversation if you truly
are sovereign. Um but the uh interest
rates it is very hard for stocks to go
up if all it's hard for Tesla to go up
if all stocks are going down. My sense
is that the pullback is not going to be
as acute as people believe. Number one,
I talk about the next six months. You
know, kind of a five percentish type of
a pullback. I think that what's going on
in AI is much more important than what's
going on with inflation and the CPI and
interest rates. And so, when I kind of
put all this together,
a year ago, I was thinking we're in the
third inning of AI. I think we're in the
second inning today. And if that's true,
yes, we may have a pullback for the next
six months, but I think the next, you
know, two to five years. And I will I'll
leave your uh listeners with a question.
Let me think of a different way to say
that. I think the average investor is
concerned that we're at the top of a
bubble. Uh stocks have keep going up.
We've seen what's happened with memory
just this beautiful breakout. But the
question I would ask is what if we're
not at a bubble? What if in fact we're
still early? What happens with the
market? And I come back to this year 2%
of rootech of uh rid share miles are
going to be autonomous.
uh very few companies are actually
deploying AI at scale. Still feels like
we're pretty early.
&gt;&gt; And lastly, you guys have some really
interesting things happening at
Deepwater. So, can you just kind of
share what you guys are working on, what
you have going on, and then maybe how
people can find what you guys are doing?
&gt;&gt; Uh so, at Deep Water, we are Frontier
Tech Investors. We've been together for
teams been together for 20 uh plus
years, and we invest in private and
public companies. And uh we have on the
public side I mentioned our our ETF the
ticker is LUP.
That's investing in sub 500 billion
market cap companies that are changing
how we live in the next uh five years.
So check out lup and check out uh
deepwatermgt.com
deepwatermanagement.com
and thanks for having me on.
&gt;&gt; Beautiful. Yeah, thanks as always Jean
for the time. Love hearing from you.
really enjoy talking to you and uh yeah,
until next