Channel:     farzad-fm
Title:       SpaceX Makes Huge Announcement.
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPXNT2j_qc4
Published:   2026-06-04 15:27 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-04 16:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hi, I'm Brett Johnson, chief financial
officer of SpaceX for the last 15 years.
Only one the company's ever had
actually. And uh it's a pleasure to talk
with you about SpaceX.
Elon started SpaceX with the goal to
change mankind and make us a
multilanetary species. And what's been
very exciting is we've been able to
expand that mission with our Starlink
constellation as well as with our AI
solutions. At our core, we're really
builders. We're the only company
building the integrated hardware and
software infrastructure to really power
multiple businesses, but we started back
in 2002 at our roots as a space
business. We achieve what others think
is really the impossible and we make
that possible. If you look at some of
the milestones that we have accomplished
already in the space business, we're the
first private company to develop and
launch a liquid fuel rocket and reach
orbit back in 2008 with the Falcon 1.
We're then the first private company to
successfully dock a spacecraft for the
International Space Station in 2012. The
first to successfully propulsively land
a rocket from space. Specifically, the
first stage booster back in 2015 and
refly an orbital class rocket booster in
2017. The first private company to
launch astronauts to orbit and fly to
the International Space Station in 2020.
We are the first to have really a fleet
of rockets that end with reusability and
drive from Falcon reusability today of
the first stage to full reusability with
Starship. 23 metric tonses of capability
with Falcon 9 going to 64 metric tonses
of capability with Falcon Heavy to now
about to be 100 metric tons with the
version three of Starship.
And really from a rocket reuse
perspective that has been the unlock
mechanism. It's really driven down the
cost of launch and given us the ability
to drive up launch cadence.
Specifically, you know, having a hanger
full of rockets to show our launch
customers or having the ability to ramp
to just last year alone 165 launches of
our Falcon 9 and now moving into fully
reusable with Starship.
Starship really has an unparalleled
capability from a cost efficiency
perspective. If you look at where this
industry has been historically and where
we were able to get to with just first
stage reuse on the Falcon class where we
were able to drive out 85% of the
historic cost. Now we're looking at a
vehicle that's intended to go drive a
10x improvement even from where we were
already industryleading with Falcon.
Along with the unlock from a cost
perspective, Starship also gives us an
unlock from a throughput perspective. So
you see with Falcon 9 in the expendable
category, let alone Falcon Heavy at 64
metric tonses, going to 100 metric
tonses with version 3 and then already
starting to work on version four in the
design that should double that again to
200 metric tonses to orbit. We talk
about the mission and certainly how we
accomplished the mission. One of the
reasons that we're able to do this is we
run what Elon calls the algorithm. And
the algorithm starts with first and
foremost making the requirements less
dumb. Question the requirements is a key
piece of our culture. We then move into
deleting parts and process steps. And
you see that as an example in the
picture here where you have the first
version of the Raptor engine on the left
going all the way to Raptor 3. And then
once you delete the parts in the process
step, you move into optimization,
acceleration, and automation. And then
pivoting to the connectivity business.
You know, again, the connectivity
business is really enabled by our core
launch capabilities. We have now
launched and operate a high-speed, low
latency global broadband constellation,
otherwise known as Starlink. And really,
we feel Starlink is an unrivaled
satellite constellation. The V2
satellites that we fly today on Falcon
deliver 96 Gbits per second per
satellite, and we fly roughly 27
satellites per launch. But the V3
satellites we're about to fly in the
back half of this year are a huge step
function in capability. In fact, per
launch on a Falcon today with the V2
satellites to the version 3 satellites,
it's a 20x improvement related to the
capacity per launch with version 3. And
in fact that translates into with 60
satellites flying per launch on Starship
and each of them delivering roughly a
terabit per second that we will be able
to fly 61 terabits per second of down
link capability per launch of Starship
coming up here. What that quickly
translates into is after 20 launches of
Starship we will be launching 1.2
pabytes of capacity per year. When you
start talking about in pabytes, you
start actually looking at the Starlink
network as a percentage of global
internet traffic.
It's also important to note that because
of the fact that we're delivering from
space, we're able to deliver in many
areas and in many cases where
terrestrial just can't deliver. Whether
it's low density populated areas, uh
whether it's very remote areas, whether
it's in very challenging topography
where you just couldn't handle it from a
terrestrial perspective or on the
mobility side in the air, on the ocean,
and we've been able to demonstrate over
and over again being able to bring
capabilities and services and
communication to areas in a disaster
zone.
We have the world's largest satellite
internet network. Roughly over 9,600
satellites. You look at all the others
combined and they're a fraction of what
our constellation is. We're actually
representing 75% of all active
maneuverable satellites in orbit at this
point.
And our user base is significantly
expanding. So we ended 2024 with roughly
4.4 million users. End of last year, we
had roughly doubled year-over-year in
the number of users to roughly 8.9
million. And now, as of the end of Q1,
approximately 10.3 million users on our
network. Over 100% year-over-year
growth. Over 164 countries/ territories.
That represents over 3 billion people
being covered by our network. And as
more and more companies and industries
look to resiliency and reliability as
critical capabilities, you're starting
to see Starlink being brought in as
either the primary or at least the
backup solution in a lot of the fixed
site as well. Aviation specifically, I
have to call out because there's a
tremendous amount of traction. You see
an announcement almost every week now
related to another airline talking about
Starlink adoption. And then also on the
government side of the business
delivering star shield capability is a
whole separate constellation for the US
government. Again resiliency being
critical here in delivering core
capabilities. And then the the other
piece of our very diversified
connectivity offering is direct to the
handset. So direct to device we started
out with our gen one solution which was
really a proof of concept. We flew 650
satellites, turned on a service with 30
different mobile network operators
around the world, the largest being
T-Mobile in the United States, have
coverage now for 1.9 billion people and
have proved that there's certainly a
demand and excitement about having this
capability. We now are in work to fly
our Gen 2. This is full 5G quality to
your phone. I think this will be the
transformational unlock of connecting
the other three billion people on the
planet that had really been left out
from the digital divide. And then
lastly, our AI business. It is really
exciting to talk about where we're at
from an AI perspective because this is
again following that same repeatable
business model that I talked about
leveraging that unrivaled launch
capability. We looked at following down
the same path that we had done with the
other businesses and really owning the
full value chain all the way to the end
customer. What made the most sense is
for us to have our own Frontier model
and be able to capture all of that
value. And so that's exactly what we
did. We now have the world's largest
coherent supercomputer with the Colossus
2 data center that we stood up with
best-in-class compute GB300 specifically
from Nvidia. We have the first gigawatt
scale training cluster, the first
gigawatt scale mega battery installation
there as well and first to deploy the
GB200s and 300s at significant scale.
And so, you know, having a gigawatt of
name plate compute draw is really
compelling for us. But certainly, I want
to talk about the orbital AI compute
that's coming in the next couple of
years because this seems to be the
future of AI infrastructure and this is
the clean energy solution. This is the
solution that really addresses some of
the concerns related to AI data centers
popping up. The distribution capability
that others may think is a constraint
related to this. We've already
demonstrated with our Starlink network
today and having in essence no operating
cost because you're leveraging the power
of the sun and cooling as radiative
cooling off the satellite makes this
readily available and incredibly
costefficient. And so we are ramping up
this capability right now. and in
essence leveraging a ton of capability
that we already have in place. Whether
it's the ion propulsion thrusters,
whether it's the inner satellite laser
links between the satellites or the
flight computer or reaction wheels.
Again, a lot of technology that
otherwise would be blockers to doing
this in the near term. We have in place.
It's why we feel like we are the only
company that can do this in any
meaningful time frame. And what matters
related to AI infrastructure is really
creating that business model where if
you start at the very top and leverage
that connectivity capability that we
have to drive that infrastructure
advantage for us, we then get to go
right into the cycle of leveraging that
driving improved quality of intelligence
and lowering the cost at the same time
of our token cost, monetizing that and
driving that reinvestment back into that
cycle of infrastructure. We certainly
demonstrated our capability to go
monetize this infrastructure with key
partners in the industry. For example,
we signed a deal with Enthropic just
recently to give them access and and
host their model on our data center
while at the same time allowing us to
make investments in our own model with
an example of that being the deal that
we announced with cursor related to
improving our own coding capability on
our compute resources. So continuing
down the path of monetization and
leveraging our what we believe is
best-in-class in the industry deployment
of cutting edge compute and at the same
time uh continuing to invest in our own
models to even further that monetization
in the future. I would be remiss if I
didn't talk about the fact that we
believe one of our differentiators
related to our models is certainly the
fact that we are designing them as
advanced truth seeeking AI from the very
beginning. Uh it's certainly one of the
reasons that Elon got into the AI
business to begin with is to have that
really truth seeeking model. We
certainly are also going to leverage the
X platform that we have in place now
that really brings us real time
information. Real time data is I think
critical at all times and I don't know
that there's a better place to get
real-time data than OnX.
So our growth strategy starts with space
increasing our launch payloads getting
to full reusability from Starship
perspective and certainly over time
opens up whole new markets in the space
industry but what it immediately does is
it enables our connectivity business to
grow meaningfully and now AI as well
where it's not just growth of our own
platform on the infrastructure side it
also allows us to start hosting others
and building out that piece of our AI
business model. So there's almost $6
trillion of available market that we're
going after really in three pieces. We
are moving faster and cheaper than
others in the industry even related to
deploying terrestrial compute. And we
think over time the enterprise AI market
is massive. So an incredibly large total
addressable market that we're going
after, you know, over 28 trillion.
Not only are we positioned for those
markets today, but I think it's exciting
to talk about where some of the the
future growth beyond that really is even
happening. And certainly when you start
talking about space, we start to talk
about point-to-point transportation,
terrestrially manufacturing or
productivity, potentially asteroid
mining in the future. And I think very
exciting also is the lunar economy.
The fact that we're on track in the next
couple of years to put boots back on the
moon, being able to build out
sustainable capabilities on the moon, I
think in the years to come will be a
tremendous unlock for really for
humanity.
We feel like we've had a stellar track
record already related to capital
allocation and value creation. You know,
if you look at even in the life of the
company from a space and connectivity
business, the fact that we really only
raised $9 billion and have created the
business that we now have today with
last year alone generating $7.8 billion
in positive adjusted EVIDA while also
investing for the future with another
$3.6 billion of R&amp;D just last year
alone. I think you know clearly we have
demonstrated both on the capital
allocation side and the value creation
that this is what we're all about.
And what that means from a financial
perspective on topline revenue has
continued to grow meaningfully year
after year after year. In fact, in 25
alone, over 30% growth year-over-year.
Just as we were starting to ramp in
essence in the connectivity business in
generating that roughly $19 billion in
revenue, also generated almost $7
billion in positive adjusted Ebida just
last year alone. And then in the
connectivity business portion, you can
see the significant step up where we
grew roughly 50% in 2025 year-over-year.
And then as far as building the
infrastructure of the future, that
typically takes capital. And so we are
not alone in investing meaningfully in
capex, especially in the AI side of the
business now. And that's been the lion
share of the capex deployment for the
last two years. Now that we have
consolidated in our AI business into the
fold here where just last year alone
roughly $21 billion of capex, but a
large percentage of that was for AI and
you're already seeing us monetizing a
decent amount of that with the hosting
deal that we just announced on the
anthropic side. And then on the
financials for Q1, we delivered roughly
$5 billion of topline just in the first
quarter. The connectivity segment alone
was a highlight with roughly three
billion of that revenue just in Q1. But
if you look at where we think we will be
in the longer term, our future model, we
think that our revenue growth will be
even significantly higher than that
year-over-year. We think our gross
margins are more like 70% and that our
gap net income margin is more like 45%.
And so we're very excited about where
we're ramping into related to the
profitability of business and yet the
significant growth that we believe we're
marching towards. And so lastly, why do
we think we're going to win? I think it
starts first and foremost with our
global leadership position in orbital
launch services. We have an unrivaled
satellite and connectivity platform that
really leverages vertical integration
from design, manufacturing, deployment,
and operations. And now really truth
seeeking AI models enhanced by real-time
data from our Xplatform. That extreme
vertical integration really enables high
velocity and superior cost efficiency at
scale. And really the business models
are incredibly difficult to replicate,
right? Because of the fact that at the
core you first have to have that global
leadership position in orbital launch.
And so that unique ability to scale into
new trillion dollar markets across
space, connectivity, and AI is certainly
a reason that we think we're going to
win and continue to be this
missiondriven culture that is enabled by
our worldclass talent. Thank you very
much. I appreciate the opportunity.