Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Cybertruck PCS2 Board Failure Breakdown
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BntUCDxfAWA
Published:   2026-05-09 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-09 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Your Cyber Truck may be a ticking time
bomb. It's not going to explode, but it
could already have a serious electric
failure that you need to address right
away. And this isn't sensation. This
isn't hyperbole. And we will show you
how to find out if yours is one of the
affected trucks. It's a PCS2 board. It
is a uh inverter of sorts that may have
some flaws. We will find out all about
it. I'm joined today by Craig from Red
Review. Uh, the red review covers uh not
just electric things, not just Cyber
Trucks. It also covers some other stuff.
Uh, but of course I only know Craig
because we met at the Chattanooga
Charge, I think, wasn't it?
&gt;&gt; And we're going to have a we're going to
have a chat about that. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurza.
So Craig, we talked about this in
Chattanooga and I had a chance to do
some more research and I have talked to
other people who have had the PCS
failure. What is it? What's going on
there?
&gt;&gt; Well, Brian, what's happening is is that
the Cybertruck has what's known as a
PCS2 board in the vehicle. And what this
is, it's a board that's designed to
convert your AC charge to DC for the DC
uh battery. And so most of the time what
you use it for is for your charging at
home in your house. You plug in the
vehicle AC uh part of the board converts
it to DC and then charges your high
voltage battery. That's what it's for.
Now what's been happening is parts of
this board has been failing because it
has a couple of different sides. It has
an AC side and a DC side and it actually
has backups. and I go into it on my
video quite a bit as to exactly how it
works. Uh, but it has a couple of
backups. What's been happening though,
the one of the AC parts of the board has
been failing. And when this happens,
your charge rate on your vehicle will
drop from the normal 48 amps or 40 amps
depending on your depending on your
electrical system in your home and it
will drop to 24 amps. and you'll see it
happen in the app. It won't notify you.
It won't tell you. You won't get any
type of an error notification in the
vehicle telling you that this has
happened. It will just show up in the
app. Is your vehicle not charging any
more than 24 amps? Unfortunately, a lot
of people either don't recognize it,
they don't charge at home, or they
possibly believe it is the home charger
that is having issues where in reality
it's the vehicle. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, is there is there a way to know uh
let's say someone has a Cybert truck,
can they go outside right now and find
out if it's if it's broken? What do they
do?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Uh you can go into service mode. Uh
if you haven't seen if you don't know
how to get into service mode, I do have
some videos on uh my YouTube channel as
to how to enter service mode. You take a
look at it and what you'll specifically
see are a couple of errors uh that says
PCS_049,
I believe it is, or 048. and you will
see those PCS PCS issues uh pop up. I
always have trouble saying that. I'm
still messing it up, but you'll see it
pop up. If you see those errors, you'll
know for certain that uh you have a PCS
issue.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And this is covered under
warranty.
&gt;&gt; Yes and no. It's covered under the
basic vehicle warranty, which I believe
Yeah, it's the basic vehicle warranty is
uh 4 years 50,000 miles.
But a lot of people have gone beyond
that already. You always see all the
posts on the X about, oh, I've driven
100,000 miles in my Cyber Truck, things
of that nature. There are a lot of
people that have gone well beyond the
50,000 mi. However, there's a difference
for the new 2026 Cybert truck. They're
being covered under a new type of
warranty that Tesla is offering on their
vehicles and it's called the high-priced
propulsion related parts ZEV limited
warranty. And I know that's a mouthful,
but it what it is, it's a 7-year,
70,000mi warranty, and it's only on the
2026 Cyber Trucks and beyond. It's not
retroactive. So, if you've already
bought your truck uh from 2425, you're
not covered under that. But if you're in
2026, you're now covered under the new
warranty. If you are not in warranty,
what has happened is that the cost to
replace this board has ranged anywhere
between $4,000 and $7,000 for you to
come out of pocket. And that's what
people were paying for a while. And this
is you're going to see some
discrepancies online. You'll see some
people where they paid 5,000 7,000 1,000
and it's all over the map. I couldn't
understand it uh quite frankly for a
long while uh until I started digging
into it. So what's going on in in this
particular scenario? Tesla has been how
shall we say mute about the matter and
for a long while they weren't giving any
guidance to the service centers as to
what to do about it. And that's why
people got charged $4,000 5,000 $7,000
depending on the amount of time it took
them to replace the board in the truck.
What has happened since then as a
goodwill gesture if you are out of
warranty
it's hit or miss but they have been
charging only $1,000 to replace the
board which is essentially parts it cost
for parts essentially uh I don't it may
be a little bit more than that I don't
know but it's been roughly they'll just
charge $1,000 if you're out of warranty
and you go down that road
&gt;&gt; and Tesla has a reputation for doing
goodwill repairs s more often than other
manufacturers from my experience.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they do. They They're doing a
pretty good job of it. I've had a few
Goodwill repairs on my vehicle as well.
Uh, one of the things they are doing to
compensate new owners, and this is just
new within the last few weeks. I don't
know if a lot of people know about this
is that if you have a verified PCS
issue, for instance, if you see 24 amps
in your app or and or you see this PCS
pop up in your service mode, immediately
go into your app, file a ticket. What's
going to happen is they're going to try
to schedule you for service. And in most
places around the country, they have run
out of parts for these vehicles. There
are a lot of trucks that are having this
issue and in some cases I've seen
anecdotal stories of being number 13 in
line to have their truck worked on for
this exact issue. So, there's a part
shortage and people have been waiting
four, six, even up to eight weeks uh two
and a half months waiting on the parts.
Well, in that time, you cannot charge at
home and hopefully your DC charging
doesn't give out as well. There have
been reports of that. Although we have
to do a little bit more research into
whether or not the actual board is
failing or if that was a safety
precaution done by the vehicle and Tesla
has unlocked it. Because what's
happening is if you report that in the
app, Tesla then sends you in some cases
almost immediately
an overthe-air update via the cellular
service. So it doesn't even have to be
connected to Wi-Fi. the truck will
receive an update that turns on free
supercharging for that truck. And now
you can supercharge all the way for free
all the way up until your uh repair
date. It's not free lifetime
supercharging. It's not that, but it
will they'll let you charge out a
supercharger for free until you your
vehicle enters service. And I think
that's their way of trying to mitigate
the line, so to speak.
&gt;&gt; That's an amazing thing that they're
able to offer. No one else could do that
because, you know, Ford doesn't own the
gas station. Uh that'd be crazy if
you're something's wrong with your
truck, with your pickup, and so you just
get well uh from now on you get uh free
super unleted uh until we get the repair
done. That would be wild. I did have a
car negotiation once where they wouldn't
budge one penny on the price. And I
said, "Oh, okay. Well, how much how much
can you throw in in gas cards?" And
they're like, "Ooh, that we can do." So,
got a couple hundred bucks that way.
&gt;&gt; Um, I haven't myself had anything to
repair under Goodwill, but I have seen
enough stories from viewers and others
in the in the communities and on social
media. One gentleman was literally
hundreds of miles out of warranty when
his battery failed on an old Model S and
they replaced it.
&gt;&gt; They They were like, "A couple hundred
miles. Close enough. Close enough.
Goodwill and uh that is not something
you will enjoy from a BMW dealer, I will
tell you.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; no, it's not.
&gt;&gt; No. So, let's tell people what the PCS2
board does. Home charging. Uh does it do
power share? What all does it do?
&gt;&gt; It does quite a bit actually. Uh it is
the nerve center for electricity moving
back and forth in the truck. Uh, not
only does it handle the home charging,
it handles the DC supercharging, it
handles the power share in the vehicle
or what a lot of people know as uh
vehicle to home or vehicle to load
things of that nature. Uh, it allows the
the truck to back feed that house on
power. And coincidentally enough, this
is how I found out about uh the problem
is that just a little over a year ago, I
was doing a video, I believe, and we
were filming it and we were trying to
show people how the Cybertruck back
feeds the home. I've had the power share
installed in my house and when we went
to back feed the house, it didn't work.
Couldn't understand why it wasn't
working. We did everything we could to
try to get it working and it was just
showing zero for whatever reason. We had
this on on video and we put the video up
there. Uh, come to find out just I don't
even think it was 24 hours later. I went
to charge the truck and it's all of a
sudden started charging at 24 amps.
Being a new owner, I didn't understand
why. And then I hadn't heard of the PCS
before. And when I started doing my
homework to figure out what was going
on, that's when I started figuring it
out. And once I learned what the PCS was
and what it did, that's when I made that
video, trying to get it out there. This
was supposed to be a PowerShare video
and it turned into a whole PCS video.
This was over a year ago. Now, I I I
want to point this out because recently
there's been a lot of chatter on social
media all over the place about, well,
Cyber Trucks are all of a sudden
failing. They're all failing at the same
time. just had to be due to a software
update. It's something Tesla did. Uh it
it has to be something that just
happened. And what I'm going to say to
everybody right now, that's not what's
going on. It it wasn't due to a single
update or things of that nature. What
you actually have going on right now
is that
you have an awareness coming about in
the community because up until I put the
second video out, I just saw anecdotal
stories all over Facebook, all over X,
people were talking about their cyber
truck was going out and they were having
these things charge at 24 amps and they
didn't understand why. So that's when I
made the video of the time bomb and the
cybert truck. And quite frankly,
initially I got really flamed for it. I
got flamed on Facebook. I got flamed on
X because
I understand people love their vehicles
and people are rapidly in love with
Tesla. I understand that. And so they
never want to hear any negative, but we
have to address the negative just to
make the product better.
&gt;&gt; And that's what this is all about. Let
let's not pretend you're a Cybert truck
hater. You're not. Uh and then of course
I also will get that if I say something
nice about any other company. Oh my
gosh, how much money is uh
Freightlininer paying you to go take a
ride in their EC Cascadia? Nothing.
Nothing. And if you watch the series of
videos about the EC Cascadia, you would
understand that they wouldn't pay for
those. that I said the nice things that
were true, but I also said the things
that were uncomfortable but true. The
price is too high. You're not going to
be able to sell them against a Tesla
Semi. It's just the bottom line on the
PCS board. Um, is it possible that
someone would have a failure and it
wouldn't show up as an error alert
because they haven't tried to uh AC
charge it?
&gt;&gt; It is very possible. In fact, you won't
get in ever because that event hasn't
occurred.
&gt;&gt; The way the system is designed, it's uh
for redundancy. Uh amongst other things,
I'm also a pilot. I fly heavy jets,
things of that nature. And uh Boeing
always puts triple redundancy on
everything. Uh very much so the same way
because of a full self-driving, Tesla
puts redundancy in a lot of the
different systems in the Cybertruck.
That's one of the reasons I love the
Cybert truck so much. There's redundancy
on top of redundancy on everything. When
it comes to that PCS board, there is
redundancy in the AC uh charging system,
AC uh system on that board. So, you
don't just have one part of the board
handling the AC load. You actually have
two parts of the board. The problem
comes in when only one part of the AC
charging side fails. The other one still
works, which is the reason why it gets
cut in half. It goes down from 48 amps
down to 24 amps. But because you've only
lost a part of the board, you have not
lost complete functionality. It doesn't
throw up an error to the end user. And
this is why you don't get a notification
on front of the screen. It's not until
the second one goes out and you lose AC
charging completely do you get that
front-facing alert.
&gt;&gt; And all of that makes sense. I know
Monroe and Associates did a tear down
that included the PCS2 board. Um, and
having those redundancies is great. It's
why you didn't get stuck on the side of
the road or or have no ability to
charge. A lot of those early Foundation
series trucks uh came with free
charging. uh not at the beginning, but
there were some towards the end of
foundation where you may have gotten
free supercharging. If you're one of
those owners and you've never plugged in
on a AC line, maybe do that to to
determine if yours is one because if you
go in the service mode and you've never
plugged it in on AC or not recently, uh
you may not know that you have that
fault. So, that's something to keep in
mind as well. Uh are there any other
things I'm missing? Am I forgetting to
ask anything here?
&gt;&gt; Uh, let's see. With this board, like I
said, it it handles uh quite a bit in
terms of uh the charging and things of
that nature.
&gt;&gt; I did see some reports of people getting
wiring harnesses replaced.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And and I want to clear this up as
well. So, initially there is a wiring
harness service bulletin that they came
out with which basically straps the PCS
board to the rest of the system. That's
effectively what it does.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; There is a service bulletin for that
where they replace it, but I believe
that one came early on and I think they
thought that was the issue and the
wiring harness may have a problem. We
don't know because as I said Tesla's
been really tight lipped about this.
They have not acknowledged it hardly at
all. So the service bulletin is for the
uh for the harness only. But when you go
in for the PCS board, they're not just
going to replace the PCS. They will
replace the harness right alongside of
it. Won't just be uh one or the other. A
lot of people have been confusing this
with the inverter recall from last year.
Uh because a lot of Cybert trucks had
inverter recalls and I guess they hear
the word inverter assume that they're
talking about the power conversion
system and
&gt;&gt; I can understand where they get
confused. But that is a drive inverter
has nothing to do with the uh the power
system in in that regard. So this is
completely separate from that. It's
important that people uh understand that
that's separate. The other thing is I
have been trying my best to keep track
of the VIN numbers that have been
affected. And I'll tell you right now,
it goes all the way back to the very
early VIN numbers. And some of the
highest VIN numbers I'm seeing are
somewhere in the neighborhood of 77,000.
That's the highest from that I've seen.
The vast majority are coming in between
25 to 35,000.
Uh but I have seen them as high as
77,000. But I I want to go back to what
I was saying before after the whole
flaming bit. What happened was I put the
video out and that video started
circulating all over the place and what
you had you had an awareness all of a
sudden starting to kick in. As much as I
was getting flamed, I was also getting
all of these other comments as well
telling me about, oh wow, I'm so glad
you told me about this. I had no idea. I
just looked at my charging. I just
thought something else was wrong and
they started looking. And what happened
was people started noticing and the more
awareness that built up in the
community, the more people noticed they
had a problem. So this didn't just come
about all at once. What we had happened
was was a general awareness in the
community that came forth and now all of
all of a sudden everybody's slamming the
service center at the same time. So,
it's just been a dormant problem that
has just been sitting and lurking. And
but that was the whole point of the
video was to uh raise awareness and
hopes that Tesla would actually offer a
formal recall back because I think we
can all agree at this point there's so
many vehicles affected that there needs
to be a recall on this part. And I
understand the hesitancy on Tesla's part
because they, you know, Cybertruck
already went through enough bad press.
Some deserve, others not deserve. Went
through a lot of bad press. they didn't
want anymore. But this part needs to
actually have a formal recall. You have
over 77,000 trucks that may be affected.
One of the more common questions I'm
asked, they said, "Hey, I just bought a
2026 Cyber Truck and I just took
delivery of it. Am I at risk?" And
unfortunately, my answer is I do not
know.
What I can tell you is that I've seen at
least three different versions of this
board and at least two of them have
consistently failed. It's a weird one. I
don't know what they got wrong, but
that's above my pay grade for sure. Uh
so, oh yeah, guys, uh you may have
noticed uh in this video, this isn't a
video by Futurza. This is by a video by
Futurza and the Red Review. So, that's
kind of fun. Uh makes it easy to click
on and go over and check it out. Craig
does a lot of work over there. He makes
a lot of great videos and you can tell
from his background he knows what looks
good on camera in ways that I just
don't. So guys, uh, what do we miss?
What do we misunderstand? Leave it in
them comments below. And if you want to
figure out how to go into service mode,
you can either ask Grock or you can ask
the Google's internet tubes or you can
go to the red review and find his video
on it, uh, which explains it as well.
There's a lot of interesting information
in those screens that you can check out.
Everybody else, you know, like,
subscribe, and stay tuned. Stay juicy.