Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       NEWS: Tesla DROPS FSD V14.3!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbGbdt_3rhM
Published:   2026-04-08 14:56 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-08 20:57 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Okay, welcome everybody. We are live.
So, last night uh Tesla dropped FSD
version 14.3. This is the version that
we've been all been waiting for. It is
supposed to have 10x parameters, but in
the release notes, it doesn't look like
it has that, but it is much better than
the previous version. The the reactions
from the early adopters has been very
very good. We've got David David Moss
with us today. You might remember David
is the person who drove coast to coast
using just FSD, the earlier version of
it. Uh he was featured on many news
outlets and articles, but also Tesla did
a show on him as well. We got Brian
White from Future Aza as well. So, let's
get started with uh what happened. This
is a new version, the one we were
waiting for. Elon said that this was
supposed to come by the end of week
which was Sunday and it came last night
so two days late but uh it still is now
starting to go wide release and it looks
like that they are starting to
distribute it wider and wider more and
more people are getting it uh what they
say that uh is included in this release
still is of course FSE supervised 20%
faster reaction time uh and then the
full release notes it includes upgraded
reinforcement learning stage of training
upgraded the neural network vision
encoder. Should be able to see better in
low visibility scenarios. Rewrote the AI
compiler and runtime from the ground up.
That's the 20% faster reaction time.
Unnecessary lane biasing. Minor
tailgating behaviors. Increased
decisiveness of parking lot spot
selection. I think we're hearing some
people say it's better, but some people
are saying not seeing it. Improve
parking lot pin prediction. Enhance
response to emergency vehicles, school
buses, rightaway violators. Improve
handling of small animals. Improve
traffic light handling complex
intersections. Improve handling of for
rare and unusual objects extending,
hanging or leaning into the vehicle
path. Improve handling of temporary
system degradations.
Um and then upcoming improvements. These
are things that still to come. Expanded
reasoning to all behaviors beyond
destination handling. So, there is some
reasoning, but it's not the full
reasoning we were expecting. Add pothole
avoidance. Finally, improve driver
monitoring system sensitivity with
better eye gaze tracking, eyewear
handling if you have a hat on, those
kind of things. What is missing looks
like is um Banish. People were expecting
that to arrive, but it's not quite there
yet. This is the release. And one of the
things that um they wanted to point out
was its reaction time. So we got a
couple things to share with you here in
terms of the reaction time. This is from
AI driver tells you that um you know
that the Everest sourise can see and
react faster than you. 20% faster
reaction time.
Where is that one? Do I have it here?
Actually, I don't think I have it. Huh?
Is that the one?
The visualizations can't keep up, he
says. Um, yeah, I don't know if I have
that one. So, we also have one from you,
David. Can you explain what your
experience so far has been?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, overall, it's I think it's
been a been a huge step forward. There's
definitely been some regressions. Um,
things that they'll probably fix in a in
a 0.1 release. Um, but overall, I mean,
a big huge improvement. I I um we did a
live stream last night for for six hours
and and took it all over Dallas, Texas
where met this week. um took it in
scenarios like drove it right near the
baseball stadium right before about a
half hour before game time where we
encountered three different police um
situations. Two out of three of them. It
knocked it out of the park. Um the third
one which was a just a yellow flashing
light um and it was clear and and we had
a cop waving us on. It just wouldn't go
for whatever reason. Um I we took it
scenarios like an underground in the
basement um supercharger. it was able to
navigate that, go down a level park as
well. But on the way out, it went out
the same way, which was a one-way road
with big huge, you know, do not enter
signs. Um, but we did see a lot of
scenarios um that it was reading um
enter and exit signs like we navigated
successfully um two different sixth
floor um parking garages and um going
from the very top starting it and it
exiting on the bottom. Um we we took it
all, you know, all over down. We took at
the SMU um campus and then some back
back alleys by some student housing um
where well you see the video you you'll
play in a moment where essentially I'm
hiding behind poles. I'm hiding behind
trash cans and I'm jumping out at the
very last minute as close as I can get
to the car safely and it's it's
stopping. Um Spencer and I both traded
places on this and it's stopping before
I can even I can even register is here
let alone hit the brake. So, um, I mean,
in in so many ways, a couple of these
minor things, the navigation's not any
better. You know, Banish is not here.
Um, I wouldn't go as far to say it's
the, you know, end of all puzzle pieces
or however Elon phrased it, but it it
definitely seems a huge huge step in the
right direction.
&gt;&gt; I I would point out that um it's kind of
dangerous what David's doing because uh
behind the trash cans is where the Tesla
Q guys generally live. So, you gota
watch out for them. All right, here we
are back alley testing with FSD
and we are going to have FSD 14.1 or
excuse me 14.3.
We're going to have David pop out.
What's going to happen?
&gt;&gt; Wow. Nice.
&gt;&gt; I love it. It's so good.
&gt;&gt; I love it. That's a real world test.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; Tesla Q. Sorry.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Wow, David. I don't know, man. But yeah,
thank you for doing that. 20 sec 20%
faster reaction time. So clearly that is
the biggest improvement today, right?
And that is all the it's it's
everything, right? If you can react
faster. I think that the the other
scenario was that um AI driver were
showing was that the yellow light turned
the light turned yellow and the car
already started to move even before to
to stop even before the visualization
showed up. That is faster reaction,
safer for everybody, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Safety over everything. some of
these things the you know the nag or you
know the navigation and some of these
nags and these little regressions you
know ultimately those will get fixed and
not not a big deal and but you know if
we can make a big le leap forward in
safety every time that's that's pretty
exciting something to really get behind
&gt;&gt; let's take a look at what other people
have said this is Roger Kappler speed
profile seem to have been toned down not
speeding as much very smooth driving
overall I think I've heard a lot of
people say David that it's uh feels much
more human. Would you would you say that
than the previous version which is
already feeling so human?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I would disagree on the speed
profiles at least on Mad Max. Um I think
it's much more aggressive on Mad Max,
but um and the the standard mode I had
various from 5 miles an hour under the
speed limit to 12 miles an hour over. Um
but I mean overall the the overall
smoothness and driving is another leap
forward. you I I I can't even describe
that it's made a step forward, but um
but it but it has.
&gt;&gt; What about the parking spots? Parking
spots definitely selected quicker, more
decisive than before. Tested one school
parking lot, ignored the handicap
parking spots, which is great, but
happily parked in reserve for principal
spot. I thought it was supposed to be
able to read things now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I had able to read no handicap
spots or anything. I parked on about 10
spots during the night. Significantly
quicker quicker. At least two times
quicker. probably closer to three. Um,
but it's not a very good parker. Um, I
mean, it got in the lines every time,
but sometimes it'd be diagonal. Um, I
would I would honestly probably take the
parking that was in 14.2 over 14.3. But
it is much much quicker. You're not
going to get honked at. You're not going
to feel like a slowpoke anymore that a
lot of people were complaining about.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Stop sign behavior feels a tad
quicker. Blinkers activate later than
previous versions. Is that good? I guess
if it was too early. Haven't seen the P
icon to indicate the selected parking
spot yet. I've I've got I do have a
screenshot of that. So, that does
appear. Many breaking for dancing leaves
on road. Seems to be the side effect.
The small animal detection.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I had a rabbit run across the road
at about 2 a.m. last night. It it slowed
down perfectly. Um it it was great.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And some reason the P icon started
coming up, but it didn't come up for
about three or four hours, but then it
started to come up every time.
&gt;&gt; But um
&gt;&gt; Oh, interesting.
&gt;&gt; It's been great finding a spot.
&gt;&gt; This is Sawyer's impressions. Highway
follow distance is more comfortable.
Quicker takeoff from stop signs after
coming to a complete stop.
Uh highway lane change at hesitation
from previous versions seems gone for
me. Navigation routes are still somewhat
confusing. It understood detour signs
correctly on its way to supercharger but
got confused after with how to navigate
to the supercharger. I eventually
figured it out. Well, that was because
it was a detour. Yeah, for the most part
FSE does seem to be choosing parking
spots closer to the designation, which
is good, but I'm not noticing a big
change in parking behavior overall.
Yeah,
that's uh highlight clip number one.
This is Chuck Cook's left turn
&gt;&gt; with an unprotected lefthand turn. I am
just going to talk about what I feel
because I really don't know what to
expect. Um the there's our full Nitsa
stop. So we got a Nitsa stop and there's
our creep stop
&gt;&gt; and we got some emergency vehicles over
here and we have a lot of traffic coming
from the left. So my foot's near the
brake. I don't want it to aggressively
go any listen this unprotected left-hand
turn has been amazing in both this Model
Y and the Cybertruck. The Cybertruck
takes a very exaggerated question mark
to get into this median. It also does it
at adjacent medians. I know some of you
have said, "Hey, it doesn't do that for
me." There's a tiny gap here. I don't
It's not budging. Okay, three more, four
more cars and there's a what I would
call a medium gap. It could go for that.
If it goes, it's got to go now. Wow.
Good commit. It did do the question
mark. There it goes. Right. And then
back to the left. And now, okay, so the
left lane is open. Oh, and a car just
jumped in it, though. Um, let me put
pull this up here. Okay, there's an
emergency vehicle back there. I don't
know if you can see it in the rear view
camera. Probably can't, but the left
lane is open because of it, but cars
keep jumping into this lane after
passing that emergency vehicle. So, did
you see that tenative should I go? It's
like it's worried about cars merging
back over, but then it committed. That
was good. I that emergency vehicle
created a different scenario than I
normally have. Normally if the left lane
is open, um it'll go even if there's
traffic in the right and left lanes. So
I'd say that unprotected left was good.
Let me go.
&gt;&gt; So that was pretty interesting because
there was a car emergency vehicle. So
cars were switching lanes to the left
lane and then looked like FSD kind of
anticipated. So, it was kind of like
going, "Oh, I better not move yet
because that car might get into it." Are
you Are you guys seeing some reasoning?
Is that uh is that what that is?
&gt;&gt; So, I'll start by saying I don't have
143 yet. I got an update last night. I
was very excited. Minor updates. Oh, I'm
not even a minor. uh there are uh but in
14 generally I've seen a lot of
reasoning like that where you watch its
behavior and you think um this is
exactly what I would have done and even
if it does something that you might not
have done you say well I can see where
it's coming from um and it does do
reasoning when we saw a whimos stuck in
a puddle maybe a month ago with cars
cutting around it over and over I'm
confident that FSD would have seen all
those other cars going around and
inferred that if it's safe for them to
go there, that's probably where I should
go. And Whimo just doesn't have that
kind of code written. I mean, they're
still doing rules-based uh traffic uh
you know, handling. And Whimo has
announced, well, we are going to switch
to neural net. What? All your code, 15
years of it, you're now going to start
throwing out. Hey, we found a dead end
and we got to back up for like a mile
and a half. Uh so it's yeah, the
approach that Tesla's doing, I think, is
uh a lot more reasonable and I think
what Chuck is observing supports that.
&gt;&gt; I would I would agree completely. Um
I've seen, you know, a bunch of
reasoning that I I would agree with in
14 and then and then a huge step up in
14 14.3. There was a lot of scenarios in
my 78 hours of driving yesterday that um
it would seemed like it was making last
minute changes, but it was always the
proper change and it was starting to
read read signs and make make wonderful
decisions. It wasn't wasn't 100% hit
rate, but it was, you know,
significantly higher than it was before.
And I think we can all agree it's a good
day in the world when Chuck Cook's able
to go out and make some videos again.
And and for reference, what the other
guys would do on Chuck's unprotected
left is make four rights and a left
&gt;&gt; to just
huge around, which is fine if that's
where your code is at for safety. That's
fine. I don't mind. Uh it might not even
take longer. Sometimes Chuck is out
there stuck for minutes waiting for
traffic to lighten up. Uh if that's your
solution, if you look at who is it,
FedEx that doesn't do left turns, they
found that that's when accidents happen.
We're just going to make right turns.
We're going to plan our whole world
around only turning right as opposed to
NASCAR, which only turns left. It's
weird.
&gt;&gt; It's weird. It's weird.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Uh so some people are asking, uh is
reasoning in 1443?
And according to Tesla, they did say
that there is reasoning uh specifically
with the stop lightss, but then they
will be adding more reasoning as the dot
releases go through. That's what I
heard. Uh here's one from Dirty Tesla,
Chris. He said, "Navigation tells FSE
14.3 to go the wrong way into a parking
lot, but FSE seems to read the do not
enter sign and correct."
I had that I had that happen in
Chattanooga. So that would have been on
142
as well
&gt;&gt; five maybe where we were in a parking
lot and it navigation tried to take us
out the wrong way and we got there. No
traffic was coming. We probably could
have been able to squeeze through before
anyone came, but it changed it changed
the path. So maybe it saw the sign. Uh
you you we can only guess what it's
thinking, but it sure looked like it
read the sign and said, "Yeah, I'm not
doing that."
&gt;&gt; That's pretty interesting.
&gt;&gt; Supposed to turn left here onto this
one-way road, but the map data has you
turning into this. And see, now it is
messing it up. Let's see if it'll do it.
&gt;&gt; No. So, it was Wow. So, that is
definitely seeing the no enter signs,
the do not enter signs, and correcting
after it sees those signs. So, incorrect
map data right here. Incorrect map data
telling us to go into the parking lot
when it's a do not enter. Awesome. And
the car seeing those signs and
correcting. That is the first real big
indication for me of like a sign being
seen and obeyed.
&gt;&gt; Okay, that's really well done by Chris.
Dirty Tesla.
&gt;&gt; I like how his visuals make it look like
he has a 38 in screen.
He does it professionally, man. He's
really well.
&gt;&gt; I was thinking the same thing. I was
wondering how the how can I make my
video look just like that when I was
watching that.
&gt;&gt; So, this is uh one of the things is
visibility is much better with 14.3.
They called that out. So, some they're
able to I I guess determine more
photons. The warnings of camera
visibility limited appear to be larger
for 14.3. So, it if it is limited, this
is different, right? So, if it is
limited, there's a bigger sign. It was a
small thumbnail, now it's bigger. Camera
visibility limited.
Um, okay. But apparently, it's supposed
to be able to see through better as
well. And then this is the parking icon
that you were saying that wasn't showing
up and then it ended up showing up. Uh,
with 14.3, a parking icon is now shown
on the map at your destination. Includes
parking location pin prediction. What
What is pin prediction?
Well, so it's guessing where you want to
go.
&gt;&gt; Oh, so even before you get started, it's
already kind of like decided where it's
going to go. Park.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yes.
Find your end point.
&gt;&gt; And it's possible that if we are if we
do have onboard AI, hardware 4's name
was changed to AI4,
&gt;&gt; presumably because they're going to be
or have been doing some AI in the car.
It may be able to remember that that is
where you generally like to park.
&gt;&gt; Interesting. Do you think that it's
taking other Teslas that are in that
parking lot right now? And probably not,
right? Because it's like it's got to get
that data. No.
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; No. No. No.
&gt;&gt; It could eventually.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Eventually.
&gt;&gt; Uh so I What's your guess at this point?
about 30 people. I I know for sure 15
people uh outside of Tesla employees
have been testing this
&gt;&gt; probably closer to 50, but yeah,
&gt;&gt; very small numbers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, David, uh you How long did you
actually test 14.3 last night? Cuz it
was middle of night. Looked like it was
&gt;&gt; Yeah, from about 3:00 400 p.m. to about
2:00 a.m. Um so, you know,
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Oh, so you you What? That is
like I can't count 10. That's 10 hours
of driving a 14.3.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; David, you don't do things. You're
crazy.
&gt;&gt; I only I only have one speed to go.
&gt;&gt; I mean, did we not know that, Herbert?
Is this breaking news?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but I thought I thought he did it
for like three hours or something that
it was late at night cuz uh but you did
it for 10
&gt;&gt; how long? 10 hours. It looks like three
to
&gt;&gt; nine 10 hours. We did a a six hour and
15 minute live stream and then we did
multiple hours before that. Three or
four hours.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, why don't you just you
you gave us an update at the beginning.
Why don't you give us a sort of summary
of where you're at with 14.3?
&gt;&gt; Definitely happier than 14.2. Um I think
it takes a huge step. And I, you know,
say again, I don't think it's the
missing puzzle piece we hoped. Um
there's no banish. Um things like, you
know, drive-throughs it still struggles
with. Um I got in a bunch of Infinite
Loops, um Dallas airport, um even
downtown in a in a parking scenario. I
was just parking downtown at a at um
like a bar scene in Dallas, put street
parking on and it would just loop the
block. I tr I quit after five times, but
I I just kept looping the block. I
wouldn't try anything new. Um but it it
has incredible
&gt;&gt; Why why does that happen? Why does this
happen? Why does it loop?
&gt;&gt; I I just maybe the reasoning gets maxed
or it doesn't it doesn't try or um part
of the may been the issue on this one is
one of the roads was closed on the on
the loop. It would say rerouting and
then it would go the same the same way
and maybe its context window would would
would be away by the time it got got
back to there. Um but I mean so many you
know impressive things um like me
jumping out in front of it and it you
know it stopping like we've seen um we
we um really bullied it and down in an
alleyway at a at a oneway end um and its
ability to switch back and forth between
drive and reverse and know what to do um
is wonderful and even in those scenarios
I had two other gentlemen with me
Spencer and Texas Tesla they were
covering the B-pillar cameras they were
covering the reverse camera it was
popping it was popping up with that
camera limit limited
um thing, but it would still it would
still drive. It was still doing great.
Um I mean, we basically did everything
we could to to throw its way for it to
mess it up and especially in low low
speed parking scenarios. Um but it it
kept it kept doing doing great. Um we
had, you know, multiple of these cars
just bully it in parking lots. Um but it
would figure out in reverse. We had it
reverse two, three, 400 feet um to
continue to go down these oneways. I
mean, it's it's very impressive. I hope
when you guys all get it here real soon,
you you'll feel the same way, but
because it's it's a big it's a big step
forward, but there's still these minor
things. Maybe a 0.1 release needs to be
fixed. Flashing red lights. Um that was
a big one. Um it wouldn't take if it was
a bigger intersection, downtown
intersection. Um it wouldn't take a ride
on red. Um even if it was a, you know,
legal intersection. I had that the vast
majority of the time. um and some other
you know some minor minor things but I
mean it's it's the big step forward that
we hope for but maybe just not quite
what Elon promised.
&gt;&gt; So a question I would have for you is if
Banish had been in this release how many
times would you want to supervise the
test of it before you would trust that
it actually works enough to walk away?
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; probably at least at least 10 times. But
um I would say I would have said by the
end of yesterday though with everything
I saw like I'd be I'd be comfortable on
a regular you know Costco parking lot
sending it off type deal. I wouldn't
send it in you know necessarily an urban
environment but something like a mall
you know a strip mall shopping center or
just a big Costco. I at this point I if
it was there I would use it. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Is is it fair to say then that this
release which we were all waiting for
14.3 it's good enough that it's going to
go wide? So you said your guess is maybe
15 to 30 people outside of Tesla
employees are testing it now. But it
looks like Tesla themselves yesterday,
Tesla AI said that they're going to
probably send it uh somebody said, "Why
don't you send it to people with the
highest usage, 99% 90 plus% whoever uses
FSE the most should get it first?" And
they kind of like did an emoji that
said, "Yes, that's what they're going to
do."
&gt;&gt; So, it's going to go wide, right? It's
very likely it's going to go wide.
&gt;&gt; Um say, I mean, on my own prediction, um
um I would say it go wide. I saw Dirty
Tesla say the same thing. And then
another big um industry industry guy
that I subscribed to on on X, he he had
like an inside text that they're
supposed to go wider on Thursday. I
don't know how true that is on a 0.1
release, but um it seems like, you know,
things are happening and um I would I
would send it out. It's
&gt;&gt; okay. So, but what we're also looking
for is whether or not this was a leap
forward such that we're going to see a
robo taxi unsupervised start to scale.
Where do you think where we're at with
that?
Um I I would I would see we're we're
right on pace. Um just last night alone
um we went to the the Dallas um you know
depot area and it was the same exact
size as the one in Austin. Huge 100 plus
cars. Um
&gt;&gt; 100 plus cars sitting there
&gt;&gt; sitting there with camera washers. Model
Y's ginormous lot. Way bigger than you
you would expect um on their
&gt;&gt; Okay. But those are Model Y's and
they're in Dallas. So that's likely
going to launch as supervised FSD. If if
FSD version 14.3 was is it good enough
that you would see that they would now
uh get more cars uh that are
unsupervised in Austin?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, in Austin. Yes. I would I wouldn't
push the button for, you know, a big
nationwide release, but yeah, I I would
I think they need to ramp things up in
Austin. Um,
&gt;&gt; no. But based on the release that you
saw, do you think that that was what
they were waiting for? Now they're going
to scale it faster, or do you think that
they're going to slow it down and still
wait for more improvements?
&gt;&gt; I would say yes, but I think they're I
think my opinion is that they're waiting
just for CyberCap to put them out.
That's why I think they're waiting.
&gt;&gt; So you're in your opinion 14.2 would
have been okay for you for unsupervised?
More unsupervised?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I think they're waiting for
the car. That's that's my opinion.
&gt;&gt; That'd be good. Okay. So, you tested
14.3 for over 10 hours yesterday and you
found a few things. You laid them out
today. What is still not yet solved,
but are those critical for rolling out
unsupervised robo taxis?
&gt;&gt; Oh, no, no, no, no, nothing. Yeah,
nothing. Yeah. No, nothing safety
related, nothing like that. Yeah, it's
significantly better than 142 to sum it
up.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I think that's a good point then.
Okay. So the the big thing that they're
making a big deal about is a 20%
increase in reaction time. That alone,
just that one new feature alone should
be
dra drastically reducing safety,
improving safety,
&gt;&gt; 100%.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
that could be the one feature that they
were waiting for because it's a whole
rewrite. You read what they said,
you know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Maybe that'll push the this
will maybe this will push the needle
forward in in Europe. Maybe they'll be
the reason they'll submit the permits in
California finally. But um I think big
things are are here to come here very
shortly.
&gt;&gt; I'm going to take the other side of it
and say it looks like just another point
release to me. Uh but I haven't had the
firsthand experience with it. I think if
it's getting stuck in loops, it's pretty
far from unsupervised still. uh unless
you know the con the concern would be
how many times will it loop before it
finally figures out I'm stuck I need to
break out of this
&gt;&gt; I mean wayos this do this all the time
and they're out there scaling so
&gt;&gt; yes but Whimo is an embarrassment I
don't know if that's necessarily good
enough uh you know at the very least if
it's going to keep looping it needs to
say hey look kids Ben
&gt;&gt; uh with regard to uh Texas DMV.
Apparently, this came out. The
department expects to begin accepting
applications for authoriz authorization
to operate automated vehicles by the end
by beginning of May.
Commercial operation of automated
vehicles, those operated by an engaged
automated driving system on Texas roads,
requires the operator to hold an
authorization issued by the Texas
Department of Motor Vehicles.
Um, what do you guys take of this?
&gt;&gt; Uh, logical next step. Makes sense to
me. I didn't realize that they hadn't.
&gt;&gt; That's exactly what I said. Y um I I
thought they were already there, but um
it much much needed.
And then April 10th is supposed to be
the day that we're going to hear what
happens in Europe, Netherlands
specifically. Uh RDW there is going to
announce that.
So things so this should this should uh
help that as opposed to not help it,
right?
Depending on what they can do with this.
So based on the um release that you guys
saw, what was the most important one
other than the 20% faster reaction time?
We talked about that. Is it was there
anything else in the release notes that
you guys thought was really important?
&gt;&gt; I thought the sign reading ability. Um
definitely it definitely had the
reasoning. Definitely had the the
smarts.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; and and the small animals. Um, I never
I'd never seen a break for a squirrel
or, you know, anything small. And
&gt;&gt; I mean, it happened to me too just a few
days ago with the older version of 14.
Uh, a truly a squirrel came. I actually
have the video. My wife said, "You
should post it." And I said, "Well, a
squirrel ran, the car slowed down, it
ran away, and the car for so I was like,
"Yeah, it's pretty cool, but not that
cool."
&gt;&gt; People love cute animals. Herbert,
you've got a wing there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it was cute. Do you remember all
the negative press Whimo got when they
killed that cat? So
&gt;&gt; yeah, but I mean it looks like they've
addressed everything. Small animals,
emergency vehicles, um parking lot seems
to be hit and miss still by people
reading and then more importantly for me
was the ability to see better and
actually improve uh visuals. But not
having pothole avoidance yet or the
reasoning expanding the reasoning to all
behaviors beyond destination. Okay, I'm
sorry. I said earlier that it was light.
No, the reasoning is on destination
handling.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Look forward to seeing that. I
know I had a
&gt;&gt; And then if this one here, upcoming
improvement hasn't come yet. Improve
driver monitoring system sensitivity. Do
you think that that is when it kind of
like they can release a little bit more
of the um nags or is it the opposite?
&gt;&gt; I think it's the opposite. I think
people are taking advantage of it too
much.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And that we're still on a level two
supervised software. But um
&gt;&gt; I I think I think right now if I'm
wearing a hat and it can't see my eyes
then it nags me. But it now if I'm
wearing a hat or sunglasses and hat then
because like I have to or or actually
when I move the visor down
uh because the sun the visor is down and
then it'll it'll start nagging me. So
maybe it'll say no you don't need to do
that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it probably just thinks you look
suspicious.
&gt;&gt; Okay, good. Well, 14.3 dropped. I guess
uh we will see more.1 releases.
Do you think that they will do another
0.1 release or do you think this will go
wide when you heard is that it's going
to start going wide in Thursday which is
to tomorrow just this release without
the 0.1
&gt;&gt; was anything you anything you've heard
from anybody else whether or not there's
a 0.1 required now
&gt;&gt; um that's what I've heard a 0.1's coming
&gt;&gt; um and that that's usually how they they
ship it out and um and if they can get
it out on Thursday with a 0.1. That that
sounds like great great to see.
&gt;&gt; And it's entirely possible that the
majority of owners will not see 14 uh
you know three. It might go straight to
1431 or two. That's not an uncommon
thing to see happen.
&gt;&gt; What would the 0.1 release do? Because I
I have Did you some people were saying
that they they saw the stabbing again,
the brake stabbing, but if you remember
what Ashok said before was that that
they they will always they always uh
overfit for safety when they first
release something. And so it's almost
like expected expected that it's going
to do a lot of that break stabbing, but
as they get new.1 releases, they'll
smooth that out. The only comments I've
seen on that are people saying it is
still breakstabbing. To which I say
still I have had so little of that in
such a long time that I'm not sure what
makes their experience so much different
than mine.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't see it at all.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I only had the break stabbing one time
last night.
That was out of the out of the
&gt;&gt; Well, then when when somebody jumps in
front
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean I mean in a in a non a
nonanticipated
situation. I mean
&gt;&gt; I mean it's it's weird that he jumped
out like that. You'd think he have have
enough light to know better.
&gt;&gt; Wonderful. Thank you so much. I
appreciate that you first of all put in
10 hours of testing of FS version 14.3.
Thank you David. I appreciate that. And
then uh Brian, check him out. Futurazza.
Thanks everybody. Bye.