Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tesla and Stock Market in Review - What Happens NEXT?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4F5JVsRyVE
Published:   2026-06-26 20:37 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-26 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome everyone for this beautiful
Friday show where we look at the market
and what happened this week.
Fortunately, our predictions from
yesterday became true with no more
testing how much we can go to the
downside. But the alert is not off yet
and we will review what happened so far
and where we go from here. So, I want to
start this whole thing with a quick look
at Tesla. I'm actually going here to
SpaceX first, just for fun. SpaceX
pretty much flat. Not much going on
here. SpaceX finding its
stable for now equilibrium, but there is
a lot of selling pressure coming as you
know. I am staying off SpaceX. Just a
side note here. But Tesla doing pretty
well today with the market actually
going down starting very much in the
negative by the way all the way down
here was down 1.2% or something the
NASDAQ and then recovering pretty
strongly which is a very interesting
sign. I explained this yesterday. I'm
sticking to my point of view here. And
you saw that it's recovering very nicely
ending up.24%
negative. Just to repeat what I said
yesterday and repeatedly, you know that
I believe we are in a bull market that
is driven by real world progress.
Margins going up, people making more
money. US enterprise, US S&amp;P 500,
they're all making a lot of more money
because of AI, because that stuff
actually works. as everyone knows who's
using anthropic or chippityd or even
grock who's using clot design and who's
using all these coding agents that are
just changing the world as we speak that
drives up profits we have the data
coming in we know corporate profits are
going through the roof not just for the
hyperscalers for micron and all the
other guys but for the enterprise at
large and when profits go up stocks go
up too because they reflect that and
when profits go up and stocks go up,
it's not a bubble. It is a bull market
based on fundamental improvements of the
earnings power. There is no bubble. I
said it before and before. But of
course, that means we have fundamentals.
We need to tie stock prices and market
prices to what's happening in the
economy. And long-term that is reflected
in this uptrend here that we see with
the NASDAQ. And we see that this uptrend
since the inception of AI is actually
pretty clear what that line is. And that
slope reflects a little bit the truth in
my opinion. And when we deviate from the
slope to the downside, for example, here
with this little tariff crisis and then
here with a little dumb Iran crisis,
when we deviate to the downside, we see
a V-shaped recovery to the upside to get
back on that track. And what happened
after Iran was over was that we overshot
to the upside. That is exactly what
happened in the last few weeks. We went
too high. And you can just see that on
that line. I'm doing here beginner
technical analysis. But I think beginner
technical analysis is actually more
reliable than professional technical
analysis because it's more fundamentally
rooted. So what you see here
is we overshot right shortterm. Let's go
to maybe one year. If you can see
anything here. Here is the trend. Trend
trend up, right? Trend up. And you see
we're overdoing it a little bit. And I
think now longer trend is actually more
helpful. Now we are underdoing it. You
know, if you just draw the line here,
bing bing bing. You see that's too high.
Should be here. Now it's a little bit
too low. But we are roughly where we
should be. Maybe a little lower than we
should be. And that is my main argument.
When you combine these things that we
are still in a clear bull market, that
doesn't mean you can't drop like a
little stone as you see here and here.
But if we do so, there will be V-shaped
recoveries as long as the fundamentals
don't change. And Micron earnings have
shown nothing is changing. The opposite
is true. We are going like crazy.
By the way, little side note before we
go to Tesla. The fact that Nvidia is
down is completely nuts. Because why do
you think Micron is up so much? Because
people have to buy RAM. Why do they have
to buy RAM? Because they need to buy
Nvidia. Why do they have to buy Nvidia?
Because the AI builder is crazy. So the
idea that Nvidia drops because Nvidia
has a pricing problem because I need to
buy Micron DRAM is fundamentally stupid
because Nvidia is fundamentally
different from Apple for example or from
all the other consumerfacing hardware
makers like Dell maybe who have to buy
expensive RAM. They have to pass on this
expensive RAM price to the consumer and
they will take a hit on demand because
they have to increase the prices.
consumers don't like that they pull back
demand but that is not true for Nvidia
because Nvidia and demand for Nvidia is
the reason why Micron goes up so much so
that circular reasoning it's dumb I
think Nvidia is probably one of the best
buys right now
and I will we are working let's hope we
can get something out next week where we
compare Micron versus Nvidia and I can't
even tell you what the finding is I
honestly don't know which one is better,
but I will know hopefully by next week
because we're going to dive into that.
It's very interesting question. Nvidia
versus Micron, which one is the better
deal? It will be very interesting. You
see Nvidia here, 30 PE ratio. That's
nuts. But when you look at Micron,
Micron has a higher PE ratio, but also
has higher growth. So that's the
interesting thing. On paper, Nvidia
looks like a much better deal, but
Micron has a stronger growth rate.
So, let's see. My gut feeling is Nvidia
comes out on top, but let's see about
that. So, this is the greater market
situation before we go to Tesla. Let's
do one more round. Oh, I didn't even
show you Micron here. Micron at 53.
53 price earnings versus Nvidia at 29.
Of course, you can't just look at the PA
ratio, but it g is a little bit of
giveaway where this is going. Nvidia on
a total slide, despite being absolutely
totally killing it, totally having
perfect modes. I mean, Micron is a very
compelling case. There's no doubt about
it. But I think Nvidia just looks better
right now. So, before we go to our
favorite little stock, Tesla, let's do a
quick check what's going on here. Again,
of course, United States attacking Iran.
Nothing special to see here. Market
totally ignores it. Doesn't mean
anything. So, they're bombing each other
a little bit, but it's all nothing
serious. Just a little bombing between
friends.
So, US military conducted strikes
against Iran in response to what
President Donald Trump says was tan's
violation of the ceasefire by launching
drone attacks aimed at chick ships at
straight of Formoose. No idea what's
going on there, but it's not important.
There is peace. The US is being forced
to accept a peace. They have no choice.
Now, Trump said the same thing as I said
before. There is simply no choice. Iran
can dictate these terms to some extent
because the world is at the brink. And
the funny thing is the world is so much
at the brink that the oil prices don't
even care because the oil prices say,
"Yeah, we are so much at the brink. No
one is going to do anything stupid. It's
way too dangerous. So, let's drop the
oil prices. Boom.
There you can see what's going on. The
oil market is much smarter than any
politician.
And that's the situation.
Crypto getting totally slaughtered even
though it looks green today. Solana very
up. But look at this. Bitcoin cannot
get back on its feet. It seems like
60,000 is holding for now. We are below
60,000, but uh it's kind of hovering
around there. Uh what do I think of
that? I don't know why Solana is up so
much and Ether is not recovering. But
Bitcoin right now remains in a total
bare market.
I said it again and again. I think
60,000 is probably going to hold too
much fundamental good news. But we are
clearly in a bare market. This is a
momentum thing. Betting on Bitcoin.
Shortterm probably not smart. We have to
wait until this thing gets healthy
again. That could take another six
months. Who knows? Long-term probably
goodbye. So let's talk Tesla and what is
actually going on in this whole
situation. You know that I have of
course major Tesla exposure. I believe
Tesla is in an extremely strong position
fundamentally but in a horrible position
from a technical perspective. So here's
the year-to- date performance. First
quarter total disaster. We know all
about it. Then beautiful recovery. We
totally nailed that one. We were wrong
on June. Well, June is not over. I said
490 in June. If Cyber Cap scales, if
Cyber Cap sees a little roll out, I said
I believe the rollout is more likely
than not. Now, I look dumb because Jul
June is nearly over,
but I still believe and now we get to
the meat of the situation. I still
believe that we have a local probability
maximum for a cyber cap roll out in June
and I understand not much time left. Is
it two days or three days? I think two
days 29th
only two trading days left but a whole
weekend in between.
I believe we have a local probability
maximum that something is going to
happen. Oh, I didn't even share my
screen. Something is going to happen.
And the reason for that is we see, as
you know, as I shared yesterday, we see
all these things. We see cyber cap
rolling out massively. These are 100
cyber caps sitting there. Look at this.
This is like this is what I call mass
production. You really think they're
turnurning out these things at that rate
with no plan in sight to actually use
them? You heard that argument before
from me. So that is just not very
likely. Why? I also believe it's a
reasonably strong bet to hold Tesla a
little bit leveraged right now because
it's so much down and to do that at
least until Wednesday.
Because we also know that Tesla said
this in the Q4 earnings call, which is
not so long ago, only six months ago.
Five months ago, they gave us this
thing. They said, "Well, we plan within
the next six months to unlock the
following cities." And Dallas and
Houston, they did, but Phoenix, Miami,
Orlando, Tampa, and Las Vegas, not
really. So, they have two more trading
days, four more total days to deliver on
their little promise.
And some people say, "Well, they're
going to miss it. It's stupid." But from
a totally rational perspective, you have
to admit that there is an elevated
probability that we see some action.
Now, that doesn't mean it happens, but
it's a very reasonable bet to be a
little more long on Tesla than normal
right now. And that's exactly what I am.
It also means if nothing happens, if
this goes by and we go into July on
Wednesday, I do not think that the stock
will massively drop because I don't
think many investors are actually
thinking like that and then pull the
rug. But I will change my tune because
if we don't see deployment at scale for
cyber cap and robo taxi in June then my
thesis
that we have an elevated probability it
might still be true even though it
doesn't happen. I said it's a
probability but it means the local
maximum of this probability is gone.
And then we have a different situation.
Then I will shift the narrative to
saying well now we don't have a local
maximum in July.
We have a stretched
maximum probability maximum over the
entire second half of 2026. What does it
mean? It means it's much harder to
narrow down where that point actually
is. All we know is with every week that
goes by with every increase in ramp of
cyber cap it becomes exponentially more
likely that a rollout happens but we
don't know on what basis.
So should we not see any roll out then I
will hunker down and basically change my
tune to say we have to get prepared for
Tesla slowly bleeding and bleeding and
bleeding because it's missing the
catalyst and that catalyst can now not
be timed well anymore after June.
I think it's coming for long-term
investors. Nothing to see here. No
problem. If you have a six months
horizon, even not a problem. But this
monthly betting on something, you can't
do it anymore. You have to be prepared.
If they launch that stuff quick all-time
highs, if they keep scaling, then we
will see a repricing potentially 600,
700, potentially to a,000
dollars a share. If we see significant
scale multiple thousands of these things
rolled out, then we are off to the
races.
But as long as neither one happens, we
will bleed because we have to bleed. And
that means that stock will remain under
pressure and trend down because what are
you going to do with this stock, right?
For the skeptics, they're going to say,
well, it can take years. Who knows what
when this is going to happen because now
the first half is over. So that is the
tricky situation. If we by Wednesday
don't see any kind of significant
movement and I do think we might see it,
I stick to my horses for now. I still
think there is a local probability
maximum over the next four days.
But if not, we have this situation where
we as long-term bulls understand well
doesn't matter. It's going to happen.
But tactically, we don't know when,
right? And as long as it doesn't happen,
this stock will be under pressure
because why would you buy Tesla? Why
would you buy Tesla at any given week or
day if they don't scale where there's no
reason to buy it? There's only reason to
wait. That is the situation. So once we
have these four days passed without any
action, I need to reposition that a
little bit to be more conservative. But
for now, not conservative.
Let's see what happens. So that is the
situation here. We have some small
updates
uh in that line. We see DJ here. So this
just happened four hours ago. Tesla
Cyber Caps are about to invade the
Washington DC area and I was given a
chance to see it up close. Longer video
coming shortly, but for now, holy crap.
Ask questions in the comments. Buy your
Tesla now, folks. So that's like the
dichotomy, the paradox of Tesla. It's
bleeding to death. There's all the
cattle is missing, but the people in the
know and the fans see the signs all over
the place. But how much more signs do we
have to witness and see before something
happens? No one knows. And that's the
pressure on the stock. So you see here
beautiful pictures from
&gt;&gt; in the city.
&gt;&gt; Wow. That is now not as it used to be
because President Trump has cleaned it
up
&gt;&gt; the city of DC. So, no bulletproof cyber
cap required for now.
If the midterms go wrong, maybe we need
bulletproof cyber caps. But let's see.
Occupy low Earth orbit. That is a very
geeky shirt. I love it. And we see the
amazing cyber cap here in Washington DC.
So
as you can see
that is what's going on and these are
older pictures from Houston. We know
about all these things. And finally
before we go to the questions we also
have these news here that the FMVSS
the Nitsa regulations have now concluded
that this order number 135 will remove
the requirements for these robo taxes in
fully autonomous vehicles for hand and
foot or foot operated brake controls for
vehicles designed never to be operated
by human. Existing rules still apply to
AVs that retain manual controls.
All subject vehicles must still meet the
same stopping distance performance
criteria versus alternative testing
procedures. While this update ensures
AVs can physically stop when commanded,
Nitsa is separately developing safety
performance requirements for AVs in real
world driving scenarios. Nitsa will
continue to use its broad defect
enforcement authority to investigate
unsafe ads behavior and oversee recalls.
very important because it shows the
administration is moving forward. I
don't know if Secretary Duffy is still
in place. Probably Duffy the uh
transport secretary for the United
States.
Exfriend of Elon. I think they got into
a fight over NASA. Doesn't matter.
Another Fox News guy. So basically that
means uh Cyber Cap now doesn't need this
stuff anymore. Hand or foot operated
brake controls. You don't need these
controls anymore. Very good. Very a good
step in the right direction. But I
always said I don't care about this
stuff. It's obvious that this will all
be in place. Regulations are not the
problem for this entire thing. The
problem is it has to work. Tesla needs
to be confident and then they need to
roll it out. Oh, look at this. This is
what I will show while we have our
discussion. This beautiful I just love
Teslas. Look at this. It's beautiful.
So, what does the chat say? What do we
have in the chat going on?
You is on live. Let's make money.
Yeah, today was a decent day. Actually,
I'm up a lot, but I'm also down. This is
like very exhausting this whole thing.
But today was a very good day because
I'm still very leveraged here and I
reshifted my short puts and I told you
yesterday I bought some calls yesterday
which I normally don't do. Uh, Taka Saga
says, "We need to see you versus
Alexandra again. That was fun and
entertaining. I think you won." Thank
you. I told Herbert that people want to
see the death match again.
Uh, Gavin,
Kevin,
hello from Australia. Hello to
Australia. I always love it when we have
the whole world here from Australia down
under all the way to the UK all the way
to Arizona, Phoenix
and uh Riverside County. I got a nice
comment from Riverside County in
California.
Mata Mate says, "I'm so confused about
Tesla this week. It's crazy." Yeah, I
mean this week was very exhausting. This
rack pull minus 5% was completely nuts.
I bought some put options to get me
through the weekend. Oh, really? I think
you will lose money on that. What do you
think of Bloom Energy? I don't
understand it all. Yes, I also don't
understand it. We have to be cautious if
you chase these energy and AI stocks.
You need to make sure you understand it.
And it's you want to be ahead of the
game, not behind the game. You need to
have a game plan. And ideally, you get
into stocks when no one likes them. I'm,
for example, SpaceX. My favorite. SpaceX
is just the best thing. This is my new
favorite stock. Better than Tesla. Not
to buy, by the way, but to focus on and
analyze. I will analyze the hell out of
it. We have two people on it now, two
very smart people,
and we will have a total understanding
of SpaceX. And that's how I like my
entry points. I want to see SpaceX
totally unattractive right now. I want
to understand where it goes. I want to
track it and I have my plan about
Christmas or something. Maybe let's see
how it goes where I absolutely enter
that position when everyone hates it.
That is when you want it. The stock that
everyone hates right now that you should
be in in my opinion is Tesla. Tesla is
so hated you have no idea. People hate
Tesla. Everyone hates Tesla. Bulls hate
Tesla. Everyone hates Tesla. And that is
probably a good sign. It can go down
more because people hate it so much. But
actually, I don't think so. We had like
Flecco, Lord Fleco's analysis that I
kind of liked where we see we might even
see the bottom here of the uptrend, the
bottom of the uptrend line up is
actually at 370. So, very interesting
stuff.
Paul Costa says, "Job Bakti, that's me.
Welcome to the Joe Bakti show after
hours down." Yeah, but not a lot. This
is a joke. What do you mean down? This
is a joke.
$1.95.
No one even cares. Uh,
so I think Oh, regarding the thumbnail
of course of this show, I think,
will we see 400 again? I mean, very
quickly. Well, it's very simple. If
anything happens, if anything happens,
this goes up like a rocket. Okay? If we
unlock more cities, but especially if
cyber cap starts acting up, I tell you
guys, we can be at 490 in absolutely no
time. And then I would be very cautious.
We have resistance around the four 405
to 410. That's the first resistance.
Next resistance 445. As we know, we
bounce off that and then next super
strong resistance at 490. So we have to
take this into consideration. That's
where you can totally get rejected to
break through all-time highs. I think
even for 45 might need a little bit more
power. But once the market believes
Cyber Cap is scaling, once you see
dozens and then hundreds and then
multiple hundreds, all bets are off.
As I said, as long as it doesn't happen,
we have a problem.
Kaziman says, "This sucks. Just a few
days ago, we were talking about maybe
going to 500. Now we excited about
socketting back to 400." I know but
you know don't trace don't lack don't
trace the stock think ahead I'm telling
you if anything happens we at 490 in no
time as long as it doesn't happen we
have a problem
this will happen quicker than Uber
adoption one year max well this will
never be a demand problem it will always
be a supply problem which is very
interesting by the way
Mark says memory is a bubble if you
don't know What kioska holding is you
should be careful. Chinese memory in
rearview mirror coming up fast. I don't
know Mark.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't
know. I don't know. I don't know.
Because you need extremely advanced RAM
for Nvidia. And the main reason,
look, even if cheaper Chinese RAM can do
something on the consumer side, which
you are probably right. You're probably
right that they will be able to do
something on cheap stuff like Apple
computers and stuff like that. But for
high-end applications,
I highly doubt that the Chinese can do
something. It is totally in Korean
SKH Highix, Samsung, and especially
Micron Technologies hands. Plus, there's
national security issues and stuff like
that. So, I think Micron is locked in
even though they will lose some of their
markets. That's true. But the demand for
AI will be very focused on Micron.
Elon's birthday 28th of June. Oh,
really? Why does he always have
birthday? Wasn't that like just
interesting? Interesting. 28th of June.
That's Sunday. Elon's birthday. Watch
out.
The current deck does not say 1 H20.
Which deck? Guz, show me the deck. They
changed to work in progress
here. Gus says it doesn't say it
anymore. No one ever takes these silly
forecasts about robo taxi series froth.
As always, the deck was nonsense.
Well, they may dump a bunch of robo
taxis in the first Texas city, Austin,
and later the other two Texas cities.
Then as they get the cleaning facilities
built everywhere, they'll dump more
robot taxis there. Well, I hope so. That
sounds very bullish to me. Don't you
love my new feature here? I can share
your comments.
Uh, remember back in Q4 2024, it was
awesome.
Yes, I know. Elon's birthday, 28th of
June. Tesla updated the deck for the
seven cities from Q2 to preparations
underway which is no longer means Q2.
What what deck was that? The last
earnings call. Q1 earnings call.
I think scale will happen after merge.
Let let me see if I can find this deck
actually.
Uh
let's look at the robo taxi.
Uh Tesla Tesla earnings deck.
earnings deck
Q1. Let's see.
I can also look in Google.
Let's see if I find the deck
and if we see anything.
Tesla Tesla
earnings call Q1 2026 deck.
Let's see here. I found something.
Q1 update.
Let's see. Cities.
No. Austin.
No. Robo taxi.
Progress on Optimus ahead. Launch.
April.
13 mentions
other supporting infrastructure.
We can read the earnings tech, the
latest earnings stick.
While we aim to leverage as much of our
existing investments as possible, we
continue to build out supporting
infrastructure for our vehicle and
mobility business, including robo taxi
expansion across established growth.
Okay,
boring
AI software. These architectural
advances will help accelerate our
efforts to eventually deploy
unsupervised autonomy on both a robot
taxi fleet and custom owned vehicles.
Eventually, AI inference compute blah
blah blah
not important for us. In Q1, paid robo
taxi miles nearly doubled sequentially
from one to two miles. Once in
production, we expect that Cyber will
begin to replace the existing Model Y
fleet.
That is happening as we speak and will
be the largest volume vehicle in the
fleet over time. We continued laying the
groundwork for expansion of our robo
taxi service to additional major US
metros, including testing and
permitting, allowing us to quickly
launch new markets once we are ready.
When is that? Our top priority remains
safety. We further expanded our
unsupervised operation Austin and
launched unsupervised rates in both
Dallas and Houston April.
Okay.
What do they say here?
Oh no, that's the same thing.
Ah, here.
Well, they say that's the current state.
Metro status ramping unsupervised
preparations underway.
Okie dokie.
So basically everything is unclear.
Uh
down hanging on after hours looks weak.
Hello from Salito
California. Hello back. Hi from British
Columbia, Canada. Keep up the great
work. Thank you for tuning in from Sale
from California. Selito. I could never
pronounce Selito.
California. And from British Columbia.
Beautiful British Columbia. I just
checked the
updated deck. It says preparations
underway.
It's a shame JT drone vids don't show
enough detail to see how many cyber caps
are now built with steering wheels.
That's true.
Updating a date sensitive earnings tech
is charming. Yes, I think Elon will
split Tesla 5 to one before he announces
a position. Well, the split I don't care
about. Splits don't matter. They have no
impact. I don't think the sentiment in
Tesla can get much worse. which means
buy here. Young dude, you should listen
to the young dude. You should never
forget how the stock market works. If
everyone is bearish, it can only go up
because if everyone is bearish, it means
everyone already sold. Okay? And when
you look at the fear and greed index,
it's probably right now in fear and not
in extreme fear anymore. But it was
extreme fear yesterday.
Let's see where we are now. We still
extreme fear.
Ah, I can't tell. Yeah, extreme fear.
That is very good news. Extreme fear.
You want to buy when people cry. I just
made this up. This is genius.
Buy when they cry
or buy when you cry. Even better. Bye
when they cry.
Okay. So,
I know Blake's uh Blake Anderson says US
strikes on Iranian targets are ongoing.
I know. I know. I just reported on this
here. I was the first to report it and
say it's like boring. It doesn't matter
at all in my opinion. They can't start
the war. That's why I said it's over.
Long before anyone knew it's over, it is
over. You can't have that war. So they
have to bomb maybe a little bit, but no
one really cares. Not even Iran cares.
And you see it with the stock. See, this
doesn't look like a big bombing scare.
Draw Zatik
says, "I was late last time. It's a doom
scenario question, but I do mean it."
Seriously. What if the markets refuse
the dollar
caused by the US debt?
How should you protect yourself as a EU
Tesla holder? Well, right now the dollar
is going up like crazy. So, I don't
think that's our problem right now.
Um,
I don't think that's our problem.
Uh, can we look at dollar?
Is this dollar euro
dollar euro?
I think the dollar is doing fine. We now
have to think about is this
what is that? No data
dollar
to euro
five years. See it's going up right now.
Dollar is getting stronger. Got a little
murdered here.
When was that? That was like in January
2025. Trump won the election. Dollar
goes up very high. Nearly one to one.
That's crazy. And then what happened?
Tariff, total destruction of the dollar.
But look at this dollar getting
stronger. I like it. I have dollars. I
need cheap euros.
Uh so don't worry about these things.
the whole dollar situation, debt
situation, forget about these things.
These are long-term concerns and you can
absolutely not time that stuff. That's
like god level timing if you time these
kinds of things. The implosion of
civilization, you can't do that. We can
increase debt into infinity.
In theory, we are all going to die
because of it, but you know, good luck
timing that stuff. There are 10 billion
tricks out of that. Inflate your way
out. Do whatever you want.
So, no. Sold a 420 weekly call that just
expired. Good luck. That was good. We'll
see what they offer for for 10 weekly
call expiring Thursday. So, you So Brad
Taylor tries to
sell some calls
maybe on Monday.
Could be could work.
uh Tesla at launch on Elon's birthday
Sunday. Yeah, I I still believe I still
believe the odds are much higher than
usual that something happens in the next
four days just probabilistically. Of
course, it could not happen anything,
but it's a good reasonable bet.
What happened to 490? Well, 490 doesn't
didn't happen.
Buy Vanex Semiconductor ETF and you'll
be safe and sure up go up 50% next year
regardless of Chinese or other
competitors.
Yeah, I have to look into that thing.
Semiconductor ETF. Yeah, if you want to
just make a sector bet, which is
probably a very smart bet by the way.
Uh, Kio Sha Kusha holding invented RAM
at Toshiba.
Largest market share company in Japan.
Yeah, but um I need to know what they're
doing. Are they up? Why now? Like what
is happening to them?
Ooh, Natty Vegan has a very juicy
question. What about freaking Micro
Strategy? I mean the sentiment
is a disaster on Micro Strategy. I'm a
little concerned about this thing right
now. I'm not touching it much. I have a
little holding. I reduced it actually. I
sold twothirds of my Micro Strategy
yesterday by the way to buy Tesla calls.
That's what I did because I don't trust
the situation. Like Micro Strategy looks
instable. Why take the risk, right? I
want to see what they do now next.
what's the next move? Uh because I'm not
super duper
uh high convictional micro strategy. I
just think yeah, even on Bitcoin, I'm
like I think it's a reasonable bet, but
it's nothing to compare to Tesla. The
whole fundamentals are not as strong as
Tesla or Nvidia or Micron or all these
things. So, I need to see a little bit
better sentiment before we bet on this.
And you know, it doesn't matter if you
catch it at 82 or at 100. If it goes up,
it goes up like crazy. And right now,
this is a little exhausting micro
strategy. So, I'm staying out of that.
I posted an adjusted version of your
ratchet idea of this Tesla SpaceX merger
on X. Did you see use the conditional
value right to give Tesla shareholders
upside until merger? I didn't see that.
Fab FAPS trader. I have to look it up.
Next
bed says, "Hi,
is this Chinese?" My Chinese is not very
good. I think it's Chinese or is it
Japanese? To be cautious. Don't want to
offend. Either one. I think it's it's
Chinese.
Um
here when Tesla goes up, it can go up 30
a day. Exactly. Do you should never
forget that, right? Don't be uh wrong on
the Tesla situation. Tesla is a crazy
stock. It can drop randomly five% as we
just experienced, but it can also
randomly or not randomly go up 10%.
In a day, no problem.
This is my first time saying hello. I
really enjoy watching your videos, says
Bed.
Bed, where are you from? What is this?
Tell me if it's Chinese or it's probably
Chinese. My bed is Chinese.
The second part of your name
uh showed signs of life right on the
bottom
of the weekly channel today. Exactly.
Which is showing a rising penant and a
cup and handle which are both very
bullish signs. Lol. I'm just crazy
astrology guy. This is what I love. I
love stock astrology. I don't take it
super seriously, but I always watch it
and I always keep it in the back of my
mind. And I like the whole bottom
uptrend funnel. That actually makes
sense. Andreas Peterson says, "Got eight
new Tesla shares today for 371 shares.
Not bad.
Selling puts is a no-brainer.
Buying puts is throwing money away." I
tend to agree. That's why I'm only
selling. I bought calls, which I
normally never do, but I mean, so far
they're looking very good. Let's see.
Uh, so
by when they cry. I I have to patent
that. That was good. By when they cry,
you know, shortened. It's the shortened
principle. Neil in Thailand. Greetings
to Thailand. Are you currently in
Thailand? Beautiful Thailand. Are you in
Bangkok? Where are you?
Mark JMSDL
Kios are holding up 700% year to date.
Wow.
Have to look into that. But why do we
believe that Kyokia Koka
can is in a different position than
Micron? Like can they expand more? Can
they expand manufacturing? That's the
problem. No one can do that.
Production and deliveries next week.
Bla1 Hudson. Yeah. And I think they're
both good for Tesla. So I think it's
pretty bullish the whole situation. Uh
we have to keep watching and then see
did you guys follow the whole uh citizen
vigilante launch? That's crazy stuff.
Elon shared the movie the h the
forbidden movie from Germany but it's in
English. That's quite the movie. I just
watched it.
That's the best movie I've seen in a
very long time. So stop watching movies
because they're normally so dumb that I
can't even watch them anymore. This is a
pretty good movie.
Citizen vigilante
Elon messing with European politics
again because that movie is a little
explosive I would say very explosive
and because it hits the nerve that's why
it's illegal it's not illegal but it's
effectively not available in Germany I
don't know about UK
Um,
Overhand Cibil says, "Movie was
Message was good." I can't even, you
know, I can't even make a
differentiation. I I I don't care about
this movie craft stuff. I thought it's
an amazing movie because I love what
they showed. That's the point of art. No
one cares
if it's like this shooting scene with a
SWAT team. I was was very disappointing.
That was like bad action. You could have
made this so much better when he shoots
all the SWAT people. I mean, that was
very that was like kindergarten
cinematography.
Uh, that was the mo that was the only
point where I was a little disappointed.
Like, really? Haven't you watched
Terminator or something? That's how you
do it. Like Arnold when he stands like
with a minigun and does the police
stuff. That's how you do it. That was
such the the awesome scene. He had the
same opportunity and messed it up. So,
that was bad.
bad uh whatever you call this views of
the camera.
What's the latest about Elon suing ZF?
Well, that's in the work and he's
totally going to win this.
I stand with Joe. Exactly.
I know. But this scene was like it was
still a good scene. It was just badly
executed.
No pun intended. Um,
okay. What do we see here?
Yeah. I mean, no, the best movie ever.
Of course, like we are not talking about
the '9s. Of course, Terminator 2 remains
undefeated.
Uh, I always say my two favorite movies
are Mean Girls and Terminator 2. I don't
know why these are my favorite movies.
Um
yes.
So what else do we have? Last check on X
before we wrap it up. We make it short
today.
Anything interesting happening on X?
Uh
every anything interesting on CNBC?
I mean the week is over. Trading has
seized.
People are going home. No one cares
about Iran anymore.
Uh oh, maybe the last thing here. Open
AI limits new AI models to trusted
partners.
Yeah, that's the AI news that they start
to censor all that stuff. So, we
definitely entering the next phase of AI
where new frontier models are not being
allowed anymore. So, what we see, it
just happened. What we see is that the
US government officially is now
regulating AI. That is what's happening
now. Every new model that is a real
frontier model will be reviewed by
whatever department here
and they will just interfere.
Uh so it's very interesting. Everyone
thought oh we need regulations but in
reality these things happen very quickly
once you actually have concerns about
safety and this is very specifically
about cyber security. It's all cyber
security. That's the big reason why they
become so touchy about these things. I
don't even know how they're going to
solve that to be honest because all you
can do is a harness around it like Fable
and no one knows if that harness
actually holds. No one knows if you can
jailbreak it. So I it's very interesting
what's going to happen next. I think
this is like a major problem when you
think about it. I think no one really
talks about this. Everyone's like,
"Yeah, whatever. They have a little ban
here with Fable." Now they have a ban on
CHBD 5.6. So basically this has become
now the new norm that you cannot launch
these models anymore.
This is very interesting, right? So, we
are and that's what I call the age of
AGI. We are now entering this phase
where people simply cannot just launch
these models anymore because the
government now understands they are
dangerous. They're not dangerous in the
sense that oh, they will eat us all
alive, but they have now cyber security
capabilities that allow anyone to hack
the government. So, I don't know how to
solve that, by the way, because how do
you even how do you even test this? You
can't test this anymore. You can't test
it.
So, it's a problem. I think they're
trying to figure that out. You know, you
can't test it by definition because this
is about creative hacking. How do you
test if this thing can creatively hack
you? You can't. So,
this is going to be very interesting.
Matson asked, "What was my Tesla call
strategy yesterday?" I bought a bunch of
380 calls that are short running. Uh
they're expiring end of August
and up a lot. Let's see. Or a little bit
now because it went down. Um
but you have to sell these things if you
buy because it's basically a bet that
something is going to happen uh in the
next,
you know, few weeks. uh because we're
just in a very like
you know local probability maximum
that's how I call it
AI models will be reviewed by the
department of insider trading while that
department has wide ranging
authority the department of insider
trading
mid August 20 August 21st
the options
So yeah, here OpenAI on Friday announced
three new artificial intelligence models
and said it's complying with the US
government's request to initially limit
the rollout to a small group of trusted
partners. The company said in a blog
post that it believes in broad access
and is working to make the models GBD
5.6, Soul, Terra, and Luna generally
available in the coming weeks. OpenAI
said it preview previewed the models
capabilities and shared its plan with
the government ahead of Friday's launch.
We don't believe this kind of government
access process should become the
long-term default. Well, it is
says OpenAI. It keeps the best tools
from users, developers, enterprises,
cyber defenders, and global partners who
need them.
Well,
the Trump administration has taken a
noticeably more hands-on approach to AI
regulation since President Donald Trump
signed an AI executive order earlier
this month. The order, which was thin on
specific details, asked AI developers to
voluntarily allow the government to
assess model capabilities ahead of
release.
There you have it.
Uh, Fields Herbert, splitting the stock
makes a big difference for lower dollar
accounts. You're dead wrong about it.
Makes no difference. Guys can afford 100
shares.
Um, well, it doesn't make like a
strategic difference. You get a little
boost every time you have a split. You
have like, you know, something like two
to 5% upside in there because more
people buy it. But it's not a big
strategic difference.
explain the stock to say 50 bucks is
good for lower money to counts. They can
buy 100 shares at 400 or 500. They could
at 50 and write a covered column. I
don't even totally understand it.
Fer does it matter to the balance sheet?
It matters to lesser accounts to be
involved in the options market. Oh,
options. Options if you split it, it's
easier to sell options and buy.
It's true.
Okay, guys. It's getting late over here.
Last check.
Is Iran still getting bombed or do we
have peace now?
We should have peace by now. That's
already an hour old.
Digital services act. Also funny. The
Europeans are doing stupid things and
want to do digital services tax and
Trump just threatened them with 100%
tax.
tariffs on everything if they do that.
It's very funny.
So
there you have it. That is the latest
news.
Bottom line is I remain
positive for next week on Tesla. We also
have all these deliveries and stuff
coming out. I think we in a good
situation totally ridiculously low and
over. Old panic everywhere. I like it.
We have fear. Fear and panic. Tears
plus good deliveries plus robo taxi
slowly scaling seems like a good
environment to act.
Oh yeah. Ask like and subscribe.
Everyone hit the like button. Exactly.
Thank you guys. Thank you.
Uh, LJ Q8
OG. Yes, like and subscribe very very
important. That is what keeps us happy
uh and motivated. So, thank you guys
so much and it will stay interesting. I
will have a political video coming out
over the weekend on Germany. We have
some interesting news on Germany.
The AFD is appro approaching 30% but I
have also some updates on the next
tactical moves in Germany which is kind
of crazy because there will be ripple
effects all over Europe if that happens.
Big things are in the works. So that
will come out maybe tomorrow or maybe on
Sunday. Uh and then we take it from
there.
Okie dokie. Thank you so much
and uh see you very soon. See you
tomorrow.
Have a wonderful Friday. Bye-bye.