Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Is Leaving Everyone Behind, Again!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qBfPFJlQYI
Published:   2026-04-16 18:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-16 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla sales seem to be skyrocketing and
has not only turned the corner but off
to major dominance not only here in the
US but globally. In the US, Tesla sold
117,000 electric vehicles for Q1. That
is now back to capturing 54% of the
market. That is more than all
competitors combined. GM plus Hyundai
plus Toyota plus Rivian plus Ford plus
Lucid plus BMW plus Volkswagen plus
everyone else still couldn't beat
Tesla's single quarter numbers. Elon
Musk responded asking, "What happened to
all the Tesla killers that legacy press
and hedge fund short sellers predicted
were coming? We'll show you the list
where each of the 63 electric vehicles
landed." It turns out Elon was right.
Removing the 7500 tax credit was
devastating for competitors. On the
other hand, Tesla doesn't need it. In
Germany, Tesla sold more BEVs than the
entire German auto industry combined.
This has been the case for the 20 of the
previous 21 quarters. But two weeks into
Q2 and the Model Y is sold out in
Germany for the next 3 to 5 months. So
what happens when FSE supervised is
approved? In South Korea for 2025, Tesla
accounted for 80% of the total
Chinese-made EV registrations in the
country. Similar story in Australia as
Tesla Model 3 and Y were the top two
bestselling used EVs in March. Here's
the thing. Tesla's already dominating,
but what happens when full self-driving
is approved everywhere? Tesla cars get
better just by simple over-the-air
updates. The vast majority of other
brands don't even have this simple
capability. Tesla just launched a new
spring software update with loads full
of new features. We'll have a look at
the best ones. Joining me today, Brian
White, one of our only true Tesla
journalists. Check out his YouTube
channel, Futurazza, for exclusive
onground factory tours and interviews.
Welcome, Brian.
&gt;&gt; Great to be here. Um, this is pretty
crazy. We have a weird perspective, a
skewed perspective because we've been
watching this since day one, but in
other countries, it's a whole new story,
and I'm looking forward to getting into
that.
&gt;&gt; Did you predict, uh, Brian, that this
was going to happen where, you know,
Tesla sales seem to have flattened for a
couple years, but, uh, it now starting
to turn around globally, China, Europe,
Australia, the US.
&gt;&gt; I did not predict the flattening. I was
convinced that Cybertruck sales would be
much much stronger than they are. Uh but
I also thought the price was going to be
significantly lower. Uh the inability to
use an actual exoskeleton to bring cost
down uh has been an unfortunate thing.
And because it's such a polarizing look,
uh it creates its own aura that some
people just find off-putting. Uh fine,
whatever. uh it was needed as a
technology test bed and demonstrator for
other products. Cybercap comes next. Uh
so I think we will be seeing a return to
growth but it's definitely painful in a
number of markets.
&gt;&gt; Let's take a look at what's going on in
the US here. Tesla sold 117,000
EVs in the US. That is more than all
other EV makers combined which uh
combined is 99,000.
So GM, Hyundai, Toyota, Rivian, Ford,
Lucid, BMW, Volkswagen, everyone else
still couldn't beat Tesla's single
quarter numbers. Tesla outsold the
entire rest of the industry by over
18,000 vehicles.
Um, Elon asks, "What happened to all the
Tesla killers that Legacy Press and
hedge fund short sellers predicted were
coming? Tesla alone beat everyone else
combined."
&gt;&gt; Well, let's start with that first
number, the 117 for the US. Um, yes, our
numbers jumped up in the EV market. Uh,
but and when I say our, obviously I mean
yours and mine because we own part of
the company. Uh, but, uh, that's not as
impressive when EV sales are down
overall.
&gt;&gt; U, it's, you know, my brother, uh, moved
up a class in his motocross racing and
all of a sudden was at the bottom of the
pack. the next year he dropped back down
to the lower class, right at the top of
the pack. Again, I'd rather see good
numbers or even decent numbers in the
pro category than great numbers in the
pro amateur category. And the uh
policies that we've seen enacted that
are pro- oil and anti-EV have taken a
big big bite as predicted out of the EV
market. Um being in first place, they've
always been in first place. It's just
the pie is now unfortunately smaller.
&gt;&gt; So in the US, yeah, we'll cover this. In
US it fell by 8% total EV sales in
general because of the removal of the
tax credit.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And all the upstream policies that
result in fewer vehicles being made
available. Uh a lot of these companies,
legacy companies were happy to sell
their cars at a small loss or even a big
loss because they had to bring their
fleet averages down for uh fuel, you
know, in terms of fuel economy and those
sticks, those punishments for not
hitting targets are gone. Uh so they
have no incentive to lose money on
anything. That's why that's one reason
that we're seeing a pullback on those
figures.
And the second story you had was the uh
was on the short the short seller saying
Tesla killer once again acquitted due to
lack of evidence there there is no body.
Uh so
&gt;&gt; I mean we I I we tried to tell them that
it's a little more complicated than
flipping a switch. But if you're not in
the industry and those analysts are not
they do not understand the car industry.
They understand numbers on a
spreadsheet. They think, "Well, how hard
could it be to just you, you know, you
got a gas motor, just take it out, put
in an electric motor." It's like, well,
it's ah boy, where do you even start?
Uh, if you throw wings on a Greyhound,
you didn't build a plane.
&gt;&gt; Um, I love a comment you made a long
time ago. I think something like, uh,
the Tesla competitors, they're coming,
they came, now they're gone, right?
Something like that.
&gt;&gt; They're I said I said they're f they're
here. They have arrived. They know how
to make a good compelling car. They
don't know how to do it profitably. U
and they it's like, well, if no one's
making me do this, why am I doing this?
So, I mean, I can I can Photoshop ads,
you guys. I don't need to do crunches.
&gt;&gt; They do that all the time. All right.
So, Tesla sales going nuclear Q1 uh
captured 54% of the market share. Again,
we don't care about market share because
it's about competing against gas cars.
But, you know, the people who said
Tesla's, you know, market share is
falling. Okay. Well, we're back to
basically where we were five, four, five
years ago where we're at the top um
prior to co that's more than all
competitors combined. The Model Y
crushed it with 78,000 sales while
rivals like Toyota's BZ4X and Chevys
were left in the dust. Uh even as Tesla
sales dipped 8.4%, 4% entire EV market
ranked 27%. That's why they gained
share. So you can see the five
bestselling models is Tesla. Tesla and
then the BZ4X at 10,000. That is a third
of Model 3, one eighth of U of a Model
Y. And these are tiny little numbers.
And uh here's the entire list.
&gt;&gt; Crazy. When you look at when you break
it down by date, that's what 750 800
Model
&gt;&gt; wise a day delivered to customers.
&gt;&gt; That's exciting, man. That's a lot of
units. Uh just the logistics on that is
pretty hard to fathom.
&gt;&gt; It's exciting stuff.
&gt;&gt; Just in the US. Yeah. Just the Model Y,
Model 3s. So, you can see that. And and
this is the thing when they say, "Oh
man, these competitors are out there."
Okay. But we're talking tiny little
numbers. Ford Mazda Maki sold 4,000 in
one quarter. Now, this is Q1, so it's a
lot lower numbers than usual. All right,
Q1's lower than Q4 typically. And then
Cybertruck is at 3,500. So tiny little
numbers, but compared to these guys, I
mean, are just
&gt;&gt; Here's the list. Here's
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If you bragged that you made
$78,591
and I said, "Big deal. I made $10,029."
You'd be like, "Oh,
&gt;&gt; that's precious.
&gt;&gt; That's tiny." Uh, and then you can see
the whole list here. Some of these guys
are selling like just hundreds hundreds
a quarter.
I don't know what's going to happen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But, uh, here's the list. You guys can
pause it if you want to see the list. um
63 electric vehicles in the United
States.
And um yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's nice that there are so many
choices. It's unfortunate that they're
spread so thin. Somebody yesterday was
complaining about Lucid's service
network. And the reality is you can't
cover the whole country in service
centers when you're only selling a
couple thousand cars. It
&gt;&gt; it'll kill you. And that's where
Polestar and Lucid and Rivian and a lot
of the companies we want to see succeed
are stuck.
&gt;&gt; Toyota's doing well. I mean, they're at
least they're the second, the third
best, Hyundai.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And those guys both have service
centers everywhere already. So, it's a
huge advantage over the new entrance and
pure EV plays.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, US market share is increasing
again. It's you. It went from 43% to 54%
in Q1. And Elon was right. Removing the
$7,500 tax credit was devastating for
competitors. They're the ones that are
hit most. On the other hand, Tesla
doesn't need to it to thrive. And the
data is proof. So, here's what he said
in July of 2024. Take away the
subsidies. It will only help Tesla.
Also, remove sub subsidies from all
industries. So people forget that he's
he's saying that which is okay. Yeah, we
don't need the EV subsidies, but boy,
you should also stop giving the gas
industry subsidies.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And again, it's true that Tesla is
number one in market share, but it, you
know, it's a smaller market and it, like
you said, it's not an EV market, it's a
car market and the EVs are struggling in
the US.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. Uh, so we need to see
this. This is the article uh inside
Tesla US sales tanked in Q1. It still
gained market share. What's your
prediction of what's going to happen
next year?
&gt;&gt; Well, the removal of the 7500 credit
took a lot of sales and pulled them back
into Q3 of last year. If you were
planning on buying a car in the next six
months, maybe even a year, you did it
back in Q3.
That's going away. It's been over six
months since the credit expired.
we're going to see a more normal kind of
market. The more affordable threes and
Y's. I don't know how many of the threes
have been sold because they look just
like a normal three, but I see a fair
number of the base model Y's. The new Y
without the rear light diffuser. It's
pretty easy to spot. Without the front
light bar makes it kind of a giveaway.
&gt;&gt; Uh those are great value. Those are
crazy value. And what I see happening
right now is with gas prices high, uh,
EVs are more popular. You've got a story
coming up on that. You teased already,
uh, for the used car market. It's, uh,
you know, the uncertainty when gas
prices were two bucks a gallon, 225 a
gallon. I I knew people who were buying
big SUVs and I said, you know, the gas
prices will go, "Yeah, but probably
maybe not." No, definitely. They're
definitely going to go down. I don't
know what to tell you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. Well, and then the new
features that are coming, that's the big
story, I think, for me. Uh, okay. This
is incred surprising that Tesla sales
went up already. it's coming turned
around all the brand damage all the
whatever reasons tariffs uh
and of course the removal of the tax
credit but now back up but then more
importantly is FSE and we'll talk about
that and new features that Tesla just
does always overtheair updates here's
what's happening in Germany Tesla sold
in Q1 more BEVs than the entire German
auto industry combined in 20 of the
previous 21 quarters Tesla sold more
BEVs than the entire German industry
combined. So you can take a look here.
The blue is all German and the yellow is
Tesla. Tesla's always been beating them
anyways, but uh still keep doing that
now. There you go. And then the latest
data he Alex pointed out was that we are
two weeks in Q2 and Model Y is already
sold out in Germany for the next 3 to 5
months. So if you order one now, it says
you can won't get it till August or
September. And then he's saying what
happens when FE supervised will come to
Germany? we will uh we'll see much
higher demand coming incoming. If you're
interested in Mawaii, you better place
that order now.
&gt;&gt; There are two parts to that I want to
address. The first is not having units
available for sale today reduces sales.
So Tesla will work to restock the the
pipeline because if your car is totaled,
if your car has mechanical failures, if
if something happens and today is when
you need to buy, you will not buy a
brand new Model Y in Germany because you
can't wait 3 to 6 months to get it. It's
just not reasonable. A lot of people
will do impulse buys. I've seen YouTube
videos of people doing it with Cybert
trucks or even uh Model S's that came in
for a customer. Customer couldn't
complete the transaction for whatever
reason. One's in inventory. I'm going to
drive a whole state to get it because I
want it now.
&gt;&gt; And the second, so I think they will
increase production in Berlin,
especially with the strong quarter we
just saw. We've seen some good numbers
for the European market for Model Y. And
then the second part of that is, is FSD
going to result in new sales? This is
what I talked about at the beginning of
the show. The answer is yes. In the US,
we've watched it since day one. And
people who watch those early early beta
videos probably still have a little bit
of that stuck in their head. They don't
know what it's like today. They just
know that what it was in the past wasn't
good. And we see different videos now.
We're seeing them from Europe. Everyone
lives in their own bubble. And if you
live in a country that's never had any
kind of FSD, your bubble has never
talked about this, has never seen it,
has never looked at it. And now you got
people like Case out there in the
Netherlands giving everyone he can find
a ride so they can see what he's been
able to see for years, which is that
it's real and it works. And it works
really well. I had an interview with him
on
Wednesday morning that was published
that uh where he explains that it works
that it works and that people get in the
car and they can't believe it. Now you
can say that's not well no one's going
to buy it because of that. Someone is it
might only go
&gt;&gt; why would people not Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, someone will. Well, take rates are
low in the US, but there are people who
see it and say, "That's my next hands
down."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Takes rates are Sorry.
&gt;&gt; Well, just that in in Europe, there are
people who will who it it might only be
3%, 5, 10% additional sales, but that
represents thousands and thousands of
units. That's what you want to see. And
more importantly, anyone who's got
hardware 4 can subscribe once it's
approved. can subscribe, start paying,
start bringing in additional revenue.
And maybe Tesla uses that towards
reducing the purchase price. Maybe they
can, you know what, maybe we only need
5% on sales if our overall margins are
still 20%. Uh, so that would also expand
the market, make it more affordable, get
more people into it, and eventually they
might get the FST as well.
&gt;&gt; That that's my point. Take rates are
low, but that's old versions. the new
version it's going to skyrocket. But
even if you are buying a car, I think
this notion that I'm going to buy a
smart car versus a dumb car even if I
don't buy the FSE and I don't subscribe
to it, I have this idea and I know it
that if I don't buy that one, whoever
buys it from me is going to want that
capability and could buy it then. So
it's not like whether you are buying it
because you want to use it yourself.
It's understanding that this is a car
that can drive itself, the others can't.
Simple as that. I think it's gonna it's
going to be a big deal. Um, here's
what's happened in Korea, South Korea.
Tesla delivered 59,000 Shanghai made
vehicles in Korea, Korean market in
2025. That was almost 80% of the total
Chinese-made EV registrations in the
country during that period. So, people
are wanting to buy Teslas in Korea. You
can see here the the table here. Model
3, Model Y, 59,000. The next one is BYD.
Such a low number. Tiny little number
compared to that. Typical Pulsar, BMW,
Volvo, tiny numbers. And in Korea, the
cumulative 10,000 units sold in Korean
market after 11 months. This is BYD.
So they've only sold 10,000 total in 11
months. What do you think's happening
there?
&gt;&gt; Tesla has a very strong brand. BYD has a
much softer brand. BYD. There are some
people in the world who think of it as a
really cool premium brand. It make they
make great cars. They make compelling
cars, but it's BYD. And you're going to
struggle to overcome that if uh the you
know there are companies that make
better facial tissues than Kleenex, but
Kleenex is still Kleenex and Tesla is
the name brand. Uh I can see the Korean
market wanting the best. Uh they are you
know they've embraced tech in in a lot
of ways and that helps when you are the
gold standard in tech. There might be
something that is better on paper and
cheaper on paper. The other problem is
in Korea for some reason Tesla gets
better tariff treatment even though
their cars are still from China. uh
where BYD might be paying I don't
remember 40% or 50% import tariffs,
Tesla's paying something more like 15 or
20. So that's going to bring them closer
to price parody. And if the two cars
were the exact same price, everybody
would pick a Tesla.
&gt;&gt; And you know this, you've been and
you've you've sat in all three of those
cars. You've been to many uh showrooms
in China. You've been to China three
times, two times at least. Three times
in the last year, year and a last year
&gt;&gt; year the best.
&gt;&gt; So did you see this uh BYD factory
facility in Shenzen fire broke out? What
do you know about this?
&gt;&gt; Uh so I don't know much. What I know is
that is a big factory. It's not their
biggest, but it's uh that's it's
devastating is what it is. And and
unfortunately the first thing I thought
was well when sales are down there's
always revenue in the insurance claims.
I hope that's not what it is. Uh but
&gt;&gt; it's uh fortunately again it's not even
their biggest factory. It's not their
only factory. Doesn't even look like a
completed factory now that
&gt;&gt; it's Yeah. What I'm hearing here from
this person saying that this is a
multi-story parking structure for
storing test and scrapped vehicles.
&gt;&gt; Oh, it's not
&gt;&gt; that makes perfect sense. Those test and
scrapped vehicles could have shorts in
them. And you know, uh, if there's one
thing, uh, the big runup of 2020 taught
us is that shorts get burned. No, it's
that short circuit, but, um, so that
means this, if it's just test and
scrapped vehicles, this isn't even a
loss of inventory. Uh, so not as bad as
I feared.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. In uh, Australia, this
is what we were talking about. The used
EVs Tesla Model 3 and Model Y were the
top two bestselling used EVs in March as
used EV sales went up 138% from February
as costconscious Australians ditched
petrol and diesel in favor of cheaper
alternatives. 8,7,500
used EVs were sold in March, one of the
most significant shifts seen in the
segment to date. Supply tightened,
falling by 38%, leaving the market with
just 28 days of supply well below the
6090day average. So, here you can see
day supply of use and and demo EVs. It
fell because everybody started buying
them. Uh, it looks like a temporary per
month thing. Here's another great Thank
you for Sawyer putting this together. A
great graphic that compares cost per
kilometer in Australia between the top
10 ICE vehicles and top 10 EVs. The
difference is huge. If you're driving an
EV, it's only going to cost you 1.7 1.8
cents per mile and a type top ice
vehicle. gas car 16 cents 18 cents a
mile. So the Hyundai Tuscan costs eight
times more per kilometer than the Tesla
Model Y. That's the ninth bestselling
ice. I convert all amounts uh above to
US dollars.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But but 10x is
kind of normal, right? For me, I think
I'm at 6x or 7x uh ver compared to gas.
Um so one6th maybe 17th it is much
cheaper and right now petrol costs are
very high. Uh in the US we have the
luxury of domestic production. Our
prices have still gone up even though
our supply is not constrained because of
course it does why wouldn't it? But in
Australia there is no domestic
production. Theirs is coming from
international markets and they have to
pay more a lot more. Uh so the question
then becomes how temporary is this sales
blip? Uh well uh there are once you go
EV, you're unlikely to go back. Once
those sales are lost, they may be lost
forever.
&gt;&gt; So you could see
&gt;&gt; you could see this having a permanent
negative effect on oil product, you
know, oil on dino burners. Um and it's
going to cause problems. what I've seen
because, you know, I follow I go to Plat
Auto in Milwaukee, Oregon fairly
regularly to review anything new they've
got in that I haven't seen before. And
Teslas are moving quick. You can look up
articles and see that the cost, the
retail price of a used Tesla has gone up
in the last six months. Part of it is
that they're uh the demand is high
because of high gas prices, but the
other is part a big chunk of your used
car value is what's the cost for a new
one? And the cost for a new one went up
by 7,500 bucks. Uh so that means that
you know the the gap is that much wider.
Uh so Tesla used car prices have
increased. Uh which is not something you
typically see. And you compare that to
uh a used Ford Lightning, go on
Autotrader, search nationwide, you will
find dozens of them under 30,000, which
is
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Here's here's the thing, right? I
I've been predicting and I know that
Tesla sales uh used cars have fallen
significantly for a variety of other
reasons. But now that FSD is here, now
that FSD is finally here, people are
going to recognize this. And then old
Teslas get software updates. When you
get software updates, you can barely
even tell the difference sometimes
between a 2020, a 2022, and a 2025 car.
They all have full self-driving. Now, I
know the difference between Harbor 3
versus Harbor 4. But reality is this car
drives itself, and you get these
software updates. And that's what we're
going to talk about next is, you know,
that this idea that a car can get better
over time. You think that by today, it's
2026,
every car would have this easily
software update. And it's shocking how
only a handful of them have this feature
or you'd have to bring it in to a
service center for them to do the
software update. Not over the air. This
is Tesla. We've been doing this for a
decade. Every car just software update
comes and it's got new features uh be
beyond just FSD. So, here's the new one.
2026 spring update and uh hey Grock. So
now you can just say hey Grock which
I've been looking forward to instead of
pressing the button I want to just say
hey Grock. It's a wake up word word uh
just talk to it like you would your
phone. Hey Siri. So that's great. I'm
looking forward to doing that. Um car
visualization is so much more improved.
So you've got uh new car a new park
scene environment and higher quality car
visualization.
This is uh I think what they've done in
Europe and it looks like it's going to
come here to us as well. Just a whole
app on its own. You can now learn more
about self-driving. You can subscribe to
it here, but you can also learn about it
here. And I think in Europe when you as
soon as you buy it, you have to watch a
video to teach you how to use it. I
think they have to specifically do it
for Europe because of the extra
regulations that they have of where to
put your hands, those kind of thing
legally.
&gt;&gt; It's a three and a half minute video and
at the end of it there's a two question
quiz you must ace before it'll turn on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I I'm telling you that should
just come to the US also anyway. Why
not?
&gt;&gt; Uh and then here's a much more beautiful
view of self-driving stats. Elon has
confirmed that what they're using in
Europe that we just approved is
equivalent to 14.3. So I think we're
going to see this new software update
for us as well. This is your
self-driving stats a lot more beautiful,
a lot more clear. Um the self-driving
app that I just talked about, the
separate app that you can do and you
know where that's going to go I think is
going to be like more apps will be
available while you're self-driving,
right? You know, buying products,
entertainment.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So the hey Grock um pet mode
choose from dog cat or hedgemonog to
display when pet mode is active. So now
you can choose not just a dog but you
could choose a cat. Okay cool. Um car
visualization
uh trip stats are better. Sketch pad
supports stickers and emojis. Custom
wraps and license plates. Blind spot
warning accent lights.
&gt;&gt; That one that blind spot warning accent
lights. the lights on your door is I saw
somebody had put in some kind of mod to
do that in their car and I said, "Oh,
that's what we need." And I guess one of
the developers said, "Yeah, yeah, it
is."
&gt;&gt; So that Yeah, the the the light the
accent light that's right on your door
uh when it's a blind spot instead of
just that tiny little red light that
appears on the the on the rear rear
window rear where wind
&gt;&gt; by the mirror.
&gt;&gt; Mirror. Yeah. You'll actually see that
it's a little bit easier for you to
understand is happening. Immersive sound
automatically install updates. What do
you think about this one? This this
opens it up for
lawsuits, doesn't it? So, this is when
your car has a new software update, it
will just automatically do it now
without you being the one to set it up
because some people are worried that if
it's if it's doing a software update,
you can't use the car. And so, what if
you needed that car and there's an
emergency?
&gt;&gt; That's a great question. I uh I don't
know. I think obviously it's going to
pick overnight if you're one of those
people who seldom to never leaves
overnight. Um but I I I don't know
that's a good consideration.
&gt;&gt; I mean I guess you have to physically
enable it and so if you do you're it's
your responsibility.
&gt;&gt; That's true. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean you can argue the same
thing about phone apps. Um the iPhone
has to update and you want to give it
automatic update or your computer you
know and now you can't use it during an
emergency. I mean it's the same thing.
weather maps.
&gt;&gt; Computer, I'd say your computer isn't
quite as safety critical as I need to
drive to the emergency.
&gt;&gt; The phone is just as bad.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I guess
&gt;&gt; you have multiple phones. Uh dash cam
improvements and other improvements.
Swipe right on auto Apple Music and so
forth. So, yeah. So, that's the one you
like the best name, that feature.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. I think that one is uh
understated. I think it's going to add a
lot of safety for anyone who doesn't use
FSD, which is most people. Um, because
it's a very hard signal to miss.
&gt;&gt; Awesome. That's the point though, right?
Like listen, how many other It's It's
really is the difference between an
iPhone and a dump phone. iPhone has
apps. iPhone has software updates. It
gets better over time. The dump phone
flip phones, what you bought is what you
bought. That's the difference between a
car. Well, you could buy a ringtone, but
my Motorola Flip Razor had had what,
four g, three games, four or five games,
and they were all trash. And you you'd
play each of them one or two times, and
then that's the end of it forever
because why why would you ever go back
into it? Automakers have very misaligned
incentives uh from their customers. They
want all these new features. We're going
to put them in the 2027 because then
there's a reason to buy it.
And that's unfortunate. Why would they
give it away for free? Do you remember
how much the DVD with new GPS maps cost?
It was like 150 bucks and by the time
you get it, it's a year out of date. So,
this is just a new way of thinking about
it. It really does put the customer
first. Premium connectivity is what, a
hundred bucks a year? That is a steal.
Uh I think if Wall Street guys got their
hooks into Tesla, the first thing they'd
do is say, "Well, that's 50 bucks now."
You know, 50 bucks times millions of
cars. Uh who cares if we erode brand
loyalty? It's like, well, I care. We
investors should care.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think there's a lot more money
to be made when you give them these new
software updates. And like I hint at,
it's going to be new entertainment. It's
going to be purchasing as you the car
drives you to the supermarket or you
know Starbucks and you just say buy me
this and then it transaction occurs. You
make money per transaction than you do
&gt;&gt; charging them for that feature.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But then I'd need a a a whole
payment platform set up that can operate
with Grock.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I got to figure that one out
in every
&gt;&gt; state is coming you guys.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you, Brian. Appreciate you
very much. Check out his channel,
Futurazza. One of the best out there.
Thanks, everybody. I've created a
website that is the most comprehensive
resource for the Tesla investor. Please
check it out. Simply go to my website at
herbalm.com.