Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       How Tesla and SpaceX Investors Create Cash Flow Without Selling
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKB1bKzzR_4
Published:   2026-06-20 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-20 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

If you hold a significant amount of
stocks, Tesla, SpaceX, or what have you,
have you ever wondered, is there
potentially a way you could generate
cash flow without immediately selling
your shares? Because one of the biggest
problems successful investors in general
eventually face is that their wealth
becomes trapped inside a concentrated
position. Stock goes up, net worth goes
up, but cash flow doesn't. And if you
sell, you may trigger a massive tax
bill. Today, we've got CERN Basher
joining us. He's a financial adviser and
he'll go over a presentation that
explores the tools wealthy investors use
to potentially create income while
continuing to hold their shares. We'll
look at eight potential solutions you
might consider like option strategies,
securities lending, lines of credit,
margin loans, and several other
approaches. But here's the important
part. These strategies aren't free
money. Every solution comes with
trade-offs. You might give up upside,
increase risk, create tax complexity, or
expose yourself to forced liquidation at
exactly the wrong time. So, the real
question isn't how to generate income.
The real question is how to generate
income without accidentally giving away
the very upset that made you wealthy in
the first place. CERN is a chartered
financial analyst running his own
investment advisory firm called
Brilliant Advice, providing wealth
management services. Welcome, CERN.
&gt;&gt; Hi, Herbert. This is a situation that
most of my clients face.
I know and I really appreciate you doing
this. This is one of the top questions I
often get which is, you know, once we're
managing um a lot of people love the
stocks and rightly so, especially with
the AI boom and now with SpaceX and
Tesla and where we're headed and then
they're wondering now what because I
want to take as much money as I have and
put into the stock. Well, hold off. Hold
on. Let's see what happens. Uh I'm sure
you'll tell us uh I have to tell people
that this is not financial advice. Uh
you know that every person is has a
different situation. So we don't know
where the which audience segment you
belong to. So don't necessarily just
listen to this and and take action but
you are a financial adviser certain. So
go ahead. Yeah, this is certainly not
financial advice and also I must say
this is not legal or tax advice because
we're going to touch on all three areas.
But we're going to talk I think today in
pretty general terms just to kind of
touch on these topics. Uh we're going to
go into depth on a couple of these items
but there is a lot of complexity here
and it is absolutely critical that you
work with somebody who understands your
situation. Um and so just just be
careful here. Yeah. So the situation
Herbert I think that we want to talk
about and use perhaps SpaceX or Tesla as
an example. Uh, I think SpaceX is a
great one because of the sudden increase
in wealth of SpaceX shareholders. This
is a chart that shows SpaceX's valuation
over time starting at mere 27 million uh
back in 2002, late 2002 I think it was.
Um, and then you know the first Falcon 9
flight company's worth about a billion
dollars at that point. Uh, and that's
back in 2010 2011 time frame. Uh, Google
and Fidelity invested uh about a
billion. Um and that that time the
company was worth $10 billion and then
now it's the hockey stick straight up.
Uh just last summer uh the valuation of
the company was less than 400 billion
and now as a public company around
around a couple of trillion dollars. So
a lot of sudden wealth creation and a
lot of investors who may be saying well
this is great how can I monetize some of
this but I don't really want to you know
sell the stock right now and of course
they can't right now. they're locked up
and most of these strategies actually
we're going to talk about would require
the shares to be post lockup. So we're
maybe a little bit early in terms of
discussing this with respect to SpaceX
shareholders. But certainly if you are
in that camp these are good things to
begin thinking about once you receive
shares that that are no longer locked up
beginning in August.
&gt;&gt; Well, I appreciate you're putting this
together. This is questions um people
have been asking. You know, the audience
that I have is significant. It's been
focused primarily at the Tesla
shareholder. And then of course, now
that uh uh Elon has made SpaceX public
uh when IPO, it is now a Tesla and
SpaceX. And eventually they might even
acquire each other. We'll see where that
goes. But lots of people are investors
in these two and of even just the AI
boom and they want to know where they're
going. So appreciate you putting this
together. Uh, in fact, I will uh mention
that I'm launching a community now for
these investors. It's called Boundless
and it's going to help people navigate
the AI kind of world that's coming and
give them the tools much like what
you're doing and introduce themselves to
each other but also to experts. So, that
is seems to be the top need that I'm
hearing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that's that's excellent,
Herbert. So in terms of SpaceX now, we
can look at uh SpaceX trading as a
public company and you know it's only
been a week and you can see the stock
has gone from the IPO price of 135 up to
a high of about uh 225 to touch that
level and uh closed on Thursday market
close at 185. So there's already been
quite a bit of volatility, quite a bit
of fluctuation here. The key thing to
keep in mind with SpaceX is right now
there's a very small percentage of the
total shares that are freely tradable.
uh I think about 4% of the stock roughly
is is publicly tradable at this point.
So what you're seeing here is a very
still very illquid stock potentially and
so you should expect huge fluctuations
and fluctuations you know very quickly
um until all of the shares become
released um at the end of this at the
end of this year perhaps in into next
year. I understand some people are
locked up a little bit longer uh than
what what was shown in that perspectus
um just because of the funds that
they're invested in. Um it's going to
take a while for the stock to really
kind of settle out in terms of you know
sort of more consistent trading. Even
then we've seen stocks like Tesla and
Nvidia and other massive companies still
have a lot of volatility in them. So
even when SpaceX becomes highly liquid,
it still may be a highly volatile stock.
So are the solutions you're going to
give also apply to people who can't sell
not only that they don't want to sell
shares that they have in some company
but also can't sell and then
&gt;&gt; um yes and no depends on on the
situation but generally I would say that
if they require the shares to not be
locked up in order to be able to do
certain things with them whether it's
option strategies whether it's borrowing
against the shares uh you can't do that
with shares that are locked up. Okay,
&gt;&gt; so here's the here's the problem I think
that that most of these investors face
is they've got this highly appreciated
stock. It's done tremendously well. It's
probably created a bit of a
concentration in their portfolio and yet
they may not want to sell it. They may
still believe that the upside is is
still there and that there's a long-term
future in Tesla and SpaceX and other
companies and that's great. But at the
same time, the thing that we're often
seeing is they need some cash flow. Um,
so the challenge is how do you get cash
flow while keeping the upside?
&gt;&gt; For some people, it's how do you get
cash flow while reducing the downside?
That's that's a common challenge. And
then the third thing is how do you get
cash flow without triggering capital
gains? Because if you needed cash flow,
you could just simply sell the stock.
But but a lot of people don't want to do
that because a they're trying to
maintain the upside and they're trying
to avoid paying the capital gains. So
these are these are not easy uh there's
no no easy solutions to these but there
are some things that we can do.
&gt;&gt; Very interesting. I'm glad that you
looking at all different kinds of uh
nuance scenarios here. Okay.
&gt;&gt; So here's here's just a again just rough
example. Right. So let's say your
portfolio value you've got $5 million of
SpaceX 5 million of Tesla some other
company and you have a certain annual
income need and I did a table here that
ranged from $100,000 a year to a
million. Okay. on the $5 million
portfolio, the $100,000 is 2% on an
annualized basis. So, that's not too
bad. That feels like that could be
doable. And some of the strategies,
that's entirely doable to get that kind
of income and maybe even up to 200,000
4% and perhaps a little bit higher into
the six potentially 8% range. But go
beyond that, you're really taking on in
most cases probably a lot of risk to get
much higher income on a portfolio of
that size. And of course, as your
portfolio value is higher, then of
course getting those annual income needs
becomes easier and easier. And
relatively speaking, on a percentage
basis, it's a much smaller amount. So,
for example, on a $25 million portfolio,
a million dollars of annual income is
only 4%.
So, there's lots of different strategies
that can potentially generate that kind
of income fairly comfortable, fairly
reliably.
Whereas, if you're trying to generate a
million dollars a year on a $5 million
portfolio, that's going to be pretty
tough. You're probably taking on a lot
of risk to do that.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Again, this is pretty obvious, but
I just wanted to put some numbers on a
on a page to show that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The other thing that matters is your
income need over time. Is it that you
need $100,000, you know, just this year,
or do you need it for, in this example,
five years for this $5 million
portfolio? In that case, you're taking
10% of the current value of your
portfolio over this fiveyear period.
That may not be crazy, but again, if you
needed a million dollars that you're
taking, you're going to be taking a 100%
of your portfolio out over a 5year
period. Your portfolio, your investment
is going to have to double over that
time period to end up with the same
amount of capital that you have today.
Again, that may be possible for
companies like Tesla and SpaceX and
others, but you have to be very careful.
Um, and again, same situation. If you
are taking out a certain amount of money
over 10 years or 25 years for those
larger portfolios, it's a similar
situation. So, it's not just the amount
of income, it's the duration that you
need the income for. Again, I think
pretty obvious, but worth stating.
&gt;&gt; Yep. And everybody has different needs.
And that's why some people need to have
an income for the next 10 plus years.
Okay. Good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. So, here are the potential
solutions.
Now, there's a lot of detail to all of
these and right now we're going to just
touch on kind of an overview of all of
them and we'll go into a bit more
discussion about some of the option
strategies.
Again, there's a lot more detail to go
into than we're going to cover today,
but we'll talk about some in detail. And
then another one that we're going to
talk about in detail is the margin loan
and margin plus income securities.
That's an area that I find that a lot of
people don't understand. or
misunderstand or aren't even aware of in
terms of what you can do there. I think
there's a lot of discussion about option
strategies
uh but not so much about margin plus
other income investments. And then of
course there's some other fancier ones
in the bottom that we'll just briefly
touch on. So option strategies in
general, Herbert, you're generally, if
you just go back to that that last page,
you're generally selling some of your
upside for current income. That's
generally what you're doing. you're
getting an option premium. In order to
earn a premium from an option, you have
to sell it. You're selling somebody
either the right to buy stock from you
or the right to sell stock to you. Um,
and so that's how you get income from
option strategies.
Um, option strategies too, you need to
think about the time frame involved. You
could sell options over the course of a
day, a week, a month, a year. And so
there's a lot of complexity with options
and we'll get into more details in a
second. There's securities lending. You
can rent out the shares to people that
want to short sell your stock. And you
can imagine at some point with SpaceX,
there'll be plenty of people looking to
short the stock on the belief that it's
overvalued. And so you can rent out the
stock to them and receive income for
that. The problem with that is that that
may not be consistent form of income.
And then the other thing too, as a
shareholder in SpaceX, you might not
want somebody to short your shares,
right? The short sellers are not Elon's
friends necessarily. So this is a one
that a lot of people aren't that
interested in doing, but I just want to
mention it. Now, you can also
&gt;&gt; Are you going to explain this a little
bit further?
&gt;&gt; No, I'm just going to touch on it here.
It's not something too much
&gt;&gt; because I thought that um I thought that
if you have your money your stock in
some broker some of the brokers without
you saying anything they just
automatically will take that stock and
lend it out to to to shorts on their
own. Is that not true?
&gt;&gt; Um generally no. But again it could
depend on the brokerage firm. Uh it's
something that's worth looking at.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
um for some some stocks that are uh much
smaller, sometimes the brokerage firms
actually will pay you quite a bit of
money to to lend those securities out.
Yeah. So, in terms of then borrowing
against your assets, there's two
principal ways to do it. One is what you
would call a line of credit,
um pledged asset line is what some
people call it. Basically, where you put
the securities in your account and you
can use those as collateral and you have
an interest rate that's tied to that.
might be fixed or it might be floating
depending on how they structure it. And
you can borrow money from your assets.
And one of the restrictions with this is
that you can't turn around and buy more
securities. You have to borrow the
money, take the money out. Typically,
you would do this for maybe a real
estate transaction. You're looking to
buy or build a house. You need some
funds for that. You don't want to sell
the stock. So, you can borrow against
it, take money out, and buy real estate
with it. You could also just spend the
money if you wanted to as well. What you
end up with there though is again a a
amount borrowed that you're going to
have to pay back at some point and
hopefully the appreciation on the
underlying stock more than covers that
over a period of time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Is this just the normal line of
credit? Like so if you go you have a
bank account, you apply for a line of
credit and they'll do that based on the
assets you have and then that's you know
then you have to pay a percentage on it.
That's basically what this is. Or there
is this something more fancier than
that?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's formalized. It's a securities
back line of credit pledged asset line.
There's documents to sign with the the
brokerage firm.
&gt;&gt; Is it a brokerage firm? Because that's
different from a margin loan, right?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, we're cover loan is right
that you'll explain that, but that I
understand that very easily that you've
got stock in a brokerage firm and
because they see the stock there, they
will allow you to get a loan and then of
course if a stock falls then they will
they a certain amount they they get they
get freaky. They get scared. they'll
he'll liquidate your stock so that they
can get their money back. But um but a
line of credit is that a special thing
you go to the bank or you're saying that
the
&gt;&gt; you can do it through the brokerage
firms. Um for example, Schwab has their
own bank. So you do it through Schwab
Bank. Um other companies offer it as
well where it's Morgan Stanley and so
on. They they have these the capability
to do this. And then you're saying that
in this particular scenario, not the
line of credit you get with the bank,
but the line of credit that's
assetbacked or securities backed, you
cannot buy more shares.
&gt;&gt; Correct? That is one of the legal
stipulations of this type of loan is you
can't borrow, for example, from your
stock at Schwab
&gt;&gt; and take that money to another brokerage
firm and buy securities. That is not
allowed
&gt;&gt; even from another sec uh brokerage firm.
Like you can't just create a separate
account and go,
&gt;&gt; "Yeah." Now, would they know? Perhaps
not. But but it is not allowed. It it's
not in the terms of the agreement.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, you be careful with that one.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; see, I didn't I didn't know about this.
I mean, I know about line of credit with
banks. I know about margin loans, but
this idea of a securities backed line of
credit specifically, it's
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the reason that this one's
attractive is that the rates typically
are lower than what is offered on
margin.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. But if you have a large enough uh
account, uh the margin rates typically
are very attractive and sometimes more
attractive than a line of credit rate
is.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; So that's no longer the case generally.
So a margin loan is very similar. You
can borrow money, you can take money
out, you can spend it, you could build
build or buy a house with it, but you
can also take that money and buy more
securities. You can leverage your
portfolio in a with a margin loan.
Cannot do that with a line of credit. So
that's where it's that's a key
difference.
Okay. Um both of these you run the risk
if the collateral goes down enough, you
get a call from them saying, "Hey, you
need to post more collateral or we're
going to sell something." That can
happen on both of these lines.
Okay. Uh margin loans are great, very
flexible. For a lot of people, they they
no longer hold, you know, a ton of cash
outside as like a rainy day fund. They
just borrow from from margin if they
need something on a short-term basis.
That's one way to use it. Another way to
use it is to borrow on margin and invest
in various income securities. And we're
going to touch on this a bit more in a
minute. So there you're earning some
kind of spread. Let's say if you can
borrow at 5% and invest at 10, then you
can earn a net difference between the
two rates of 5%.
And you can make some money that way. So
that's an interesting thing to explore
and we'll cover that in much more detail
in a minute. There's other things like
prepaid variable Ford contracts. where
you agree to deliver a certain number of
shares maybe five years from now for
cash today, right? They're giving you
cash up front. You can do whatever you
want with it and you are going to you're
going to give them the shares five five
years from now.
Okay. So, that's an interesting one.
It's worth worth considering.
&gt;&gt; Who's the contract with? Is it the
&gt;&gt; typically large brokerage firm is broker
dealer?
&gt;&gt; Gosh, I didn't know any of this existed.
So there's there's a thing called a
prepaid variable forward contract where
you're basically saying, "Okay, you're
going to give me cash today, but then in
the future at a certain date specified,
I have to sell you whatever the stock is
priced at that moment."
&gt;&gt; That's right. So it's it could be a
variable number of shares. It may not be
a set number.
&gt;&gt; So depending on where the stock is at
that point in time,
&gt;&gt; it's the amount that's owed plus
interest probably.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
Why would So you would get cash now, but
then you at certain date in the future
we we uh I promise or it's like legally
I have to sell it at a specific date and
get you the cash back.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Well, you're you're actually giving them
the shares. You're handing over the
shares is
&gt;&gt; so that they can sell it and get the
cash back. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. In the meantime, they may they may
hedge their exposure in the meantime.
I'm not sure exactly what they do
behind.
&gt;&gt; When would you want this? Let's say if
you're retiring 5 years from now or
something that or or you retiring now
and you want the cash now and you're
going okay 5 10 years from now I don't
know if I need all that stock anymore
I'm willing to
&gt;&gt; then this is something I think that if
you've got very large amount
&gt;&gt; you know you're talking you know $50
million in a concentrated position some
of these options become perhaps more
appealing because of the financing rates
that you can get on those kinds of
dollars
&gt;&gt; and get cash flow and get cash flow now
with a promise of selling a stock but
not today but sometime in the future.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And there's tax considerations and
other things as well. So this this gets
complex very quickly.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; Uh there's other things called exchange
funds um where you can diversify into a
broader divers portfolio of other assets
uh without paying immediate taxes. Uh
typically though the investments that go
in exchange funds are sort of stocks
that people no longer want to own,
right? You you're not typically
typically going to find a lot of Tesla
or SpaceX in these kinds of vehicles.
But again, just for completeness, wanted
to add that on here as well. Some of
those can be interesting. You do have to
watch out for fees and so and so on with
those. But it's a way to diversify. It's
not so much an income strategy, but just
a way to diversify your concentration
risk. The ultimate way to deal with the
concentration risk is to give it away.
Again, not necessarily producing income,
although some of the charitable funds do
allow uh a way to generate income from
from these investments.
So, if you're charitably minded and and
or you want income, some of these things
can be appealing. Again, there's a whole
list of different ways of doing this
from charitable remainder trusts to gift
annuities, donor advised funds, private
foundations, there's all kinds of stuff
and there's a lot of complexity there
and that's a whole another show to talk
about those options. So, the important
thing to remember with all this and my
little footnote in the bottom now, these
uh they're not free income. you're
you're there's a set of risks that go
with each of these. Um you may be giving
up upside, you may be taking on
leverage, there's tax complexity,
there's counterparty risk on some of
these, right? You're doing a deal with a
large broker dealer. Now you've got risk
of, you know, Morgan Stanley, for
example, failing or something like that,
right? You've got some credit risk,
counterparty risk,
and you may uh some of these things may
tie you up and you may have reduced
flexibility. If you just own the stock,
you can sell it whenever you want. But
if you enter into some of these
agreements, you suddenly have some
restrictions.
&gt;&gt; So, you just need to be very clear on
what you want and what you're getting
when you're doing this.
Wall Street is great at creating
customized products, but they may not be
necessarily the best thing for you.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Further, let's talk about some
potential risks. Um,
you know, there's a whole list of them,
but forced liquidation, right? certain
strategies if you're not careful you may
be forced out of your stock.
Um taxes uh certain uh of these
investments whether it's covered calls
collars prepaid fors so on there may be
some tax surprises if you don't fully
understand what you're getting into.
Okay. Uh the big one is upside regret.
You know like covered calls for example
right? Um, you know, it feels great
while you're collecting those premiums
week to week and all a sudden the stock
goes straight up and you miss out on
that upside and suddenly you regret
collecting the few dollars that you
collected from the covered calls when
you missed out on hundreds of thousands
or millions of dollars when the stock
gets called away from you. Okay. Um, the
analogy there is you realize you rented
out a rocket ship instead of owning it,
right? You're just renting it. uh
correlation risks. Some of the things
that you may be diversifying into or
using as income sources may be actually
highly correlated to the underlying
investment. So you need to be careful of
that. Uh so if there's a market panic,
you know, everything goes down at once.
Um and then of course interest rate
risk, liquidity risk. Uh some of the
investments are not that liquid that you
might go into to generate income. So
that's an issue worth thinking about.
And then uh just estate tax risk. um
holding stock until you die, you might
get a step up in basis, but you also may
create create estate tax issues once
your estate becomes large enough and
subject to estate taxes.
So, that's just some of the risks.
There's there's more,
but we could spend all day talking about
that, but that's probably enough.
&gt;&gt; When you say the state is large enough,
what what magnitude are we talking here?
&gt;&gt; Um, it's for individuals. Um, what's the
number now? It's like 15 or 16 million
per person once your 15 million per
person once your estate is beyond that
starts to be subject to estate tax
&gt;&gt; per person that you're giving money to.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; No, your your own estate in your name
assets in your name beyond 15 million.
&gt;&gt; All right.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah, great. That this is huge.
Obviously, these are massive risk. This
force liquidation is the margin loan.
That's the one people are really are uh
sometimes they overestimate or
underestimate the potential for
something like this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That's why people say be careful with
margin like only have covered margin
like where you've got the money in case
it falls to be able to top it up. But if
you borrow money from margin loan then
you go and use it and then stock fall
like what happened to Tesla stock. It
fell from $400 to $100.
&gt;&gt; You can be forced liquidated too with
covered calls. They get called away from
you. So there's all kinds of scenarios
that can create that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The other thing I want to mention
about margin is uh let's say you have a
thousand let's just say a million
dollars worth of stock
the broker and it's all good times right
the stock is good okay solid broker says
okay I'll let you borrow 50%. Just 50%
then whatever amount up to 50%. But then
when the stock starts falling the broker
can change their mind and go instead of
50% our new rule is only 20%. Well, the
stock has fallen and they changed how
much you can borrow to just 20%. Now you
owe like that change like you think that
oh it's 50% so whatever it is I still
have that. No, no, no. It could they can
change their mind at any moment. If the
stock is falling they get scared
&gt;&gt; then they force you to sell. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's right. You do have to be aware of
some of those things that can change.
Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And then uh some important caveats
on the on the next page. Um so many of
these strategies are very complex and
they're not suitable for all investors,
right? They require, you know, options
and margin approval, you know, large
enough account size and all these
different things and particularly
ongoing monitoring. It's not just set it
and forget it. Uh tax implications, um
margin calls and all kinds of different
stuff. Again, I just wanted to put this
in here. Sorry, we probably overdone it
in talking about the risks, but it's
it's very important to be aware of just
the raft of of risks and challenges with
all these strategies. Um, nothing is is
is really a silver bullet. Um, and of
course, the markets are constantly
changing and evolving. So, you have to
be on the outlook for what can take an
otherwise beautiful strategy and turn it
into something that's suddenly a very
high risk. Okay. All right. So, enough
of that. Let's get into some option
strategies. What I like to do with
options is make it visual. And this is
called an option uh an option payoff
diagram. But here I'm showing a stock.
If you own a stock Herbert at 100, okay?
And that's that dotted line intersecting
with the the the darker blue and the and
the black line right there. That's where
you are today. If the stock goes up 20%,
you're you're going to make 20% on
holding the stock. That's the blue line
going up, right?
and and then likewise down. If the stock
goes down 20%, you lose 20%. Everybody,
I think, understands that. And that's
what it looks like on this chart. It's a
line at a 45 degree angle.
Okay? So, always think about that in
terms of options. This is kind of the
baseline. If you just held the stock,
this is what your profit picture looks
like on the upside and the downside.
Okay. Now, let's introduce the idea of
selling a call option.
When you sell a call option, you receive
income. Somebody is paying you some
money for the their right to buy the
stock potentially at some later point.
Okay, so now the dotted orange line is
if you held the stock. Okay, that's now
the baseline. So now we're comparing
everything against that. But when you
are long a stock and you sell a call or
short a call, sell and short are the
same thing. you get put on that blue
line. So what you can see there is
normally
you your blue line is slightly above
just holding the stock. You've made a
little bit more money up to a point.
There's a ceiling. Suddenly right there
you make no more money.
And so if the stock goes up enough, you
can see the difference between that blue
line and the dotted orange line widens.
This is where the stock gets called away
from you and you no longer have any
upside. Okay? But from that in this
example from 120 below you are coming
out ahead of just holding the stock. It
doesn't mean that you've got downside
protection. It just means that you've
earned that income and that you're now
ahead of that orange line all the way
down. Does that make sense, Herbert?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, this is just an example,
right? You're just saying is an example.
If the stock price, let's say, is at 100
&gt;&gt; and then you're going to go, "Okay,
well, I'm going to go ahead and uh sell
a call option." So, you make some money.
because they're going to give you cash.
But the part of the whole thing is that
you're giving somebody else a the right
to buy it. If they see the stock going
up and they like it, they'll they'll buy
it later. And maybe you might have said,
"Oh, you know, I I think it's going to
go up, but it won't go up by 20% higher.
So, I'm willing to do that deal." But
then what happens if it does go up to
40% higher, 50% higher or whatever, and
then all of a sudden you've lost the
upside.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's right. The stock gets called away
from you and you've lost the upside. So,
normally what people do to reduce this
risk is number one,
not sell call options on all of their
underlying stock.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's the number one rule is only
subject a portion of your stock to being
called away from you at any given point
in time.
Another way to do it is to shorten the
time frame and maybe sell calls over a
shorter time period, like a week,
right? And that way the likelihood of
the stock going up by more than in this
example by more than 20% in a week is
less than the stock going up by 20% over
a month or six months. So if you shorten
the time frame you're chances are you're
reducing the likelihood
of the stock moving big. Now the problem
though with a weekly call is you're not
going to get as much premium if you sell
a longer term call. So part of all that
is sort of how much income do you want
from the strategy and how consistent can
that be? The problem that you have on
selling calls against Tesla or and in
the in the future SpaceX the amount of
call premium kind of week to week or
monthto monthth can be highly variable.
Okay, depending on what the underlying
volatility assumption is in the stock.
So this can be very interesting. It can
be a lot of fun for people. A lot of
people do this, particularly with Tesla
stock. They can generate income on a
weekly basis. Um, but it requires quite
a bit of active monitoring and and and
work to make sure this is, you know,
something you do week in and week out.
Okay. There may also be certain times
when you say, you know what, and you
know, in the case of Tesla, the stock
tends to move quite a bit around the
earnings announcement periods.
And so maybe you don't want to be a
covered call seller during those times
because it's more likely to go up or
down 20% during that that period of
time. So there's different things like
that you have to be aware of.
Okay.
The next chart Herbert sort of shows
what this looks like. If you only sell
calls on in this case 30% of your stock,
you preserve some of the upside. You
haven't given it all away. If if you
sold calls on all of your stock, you cap
it. But if you only do it on a portion,
you still have some upside to higher
prices.
30% of your stock gets called away. Yes,
that's gone. But you retain 70% of your
stock that has the upside potential in
this example.
Again, not a recommendation that you do
it with 30% or whatever. I'm just
showing examples.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
Now, there's another way to do it where
you can preserve the upside kind of one
for one, you know, beyond a certain
point. So, you can see here on this
line, you're capped at 120, but beyond
140 now, you've got the same upside as
as if you did own the stock.
&gt;&gt; Okay?
&gt;&gt; So, this is a combination of owning the
stock, selling a call, but then buying
another call option
at a higher at a higher price, a higher
strike price in order to preserve that
upside.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; So, you're you're you're you're going to
do a couple things then. It's not just
one one trade. You're going to buy a
short call, but then you're also going
to buy a long higher call.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And that, you know, you've just got now
some more moving parts. You just have to
be very careful about what you're doing.
So, you can see you're generating some
income. The difference between the
dotted line and the blue line on the
left side of the chart, it's higher. So,
you've generated some income.
You've got a period of time where you've
kept your gains, but then if the stock
truly goes up a lot, you then you've got
upside to it.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And you have to look at this
payoff diagram and say, "Okay, is this
what I'm trying to accomplish? Am I
happy with this scenario,
right? What do I think the likelihood of
the stock going up 60% versus going down
40% or whatever the different things
that you're thinking about?" But I find
that visually this is a good way to look
at it. Can you explain why you would
then get less cash flow?
&gt;&gt; You get less cash flow because you've
had to buy that other call option to get
the upside.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Just cash out. All right.
&gt;&gt; When you sell a call, you're receiving
cash in
&gt;&gt; income. When you're buying a call, you
have to pay somebody else the cash. So,
you reduce that
&gt;&gt; amount that you receive.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Now, another way to look at it is to
say, well, okay, I'm not so worried
about the upside. I'm worried about
downside.
So there's put options for that.
If you buy a put option, you're capping
the downside.
You think of it as an insurance policy
against your stock.
And the cost of that insurance is the
premium that you pay. Just like when you
buy auto insurance, you pay a premium,
right? Or home insurance.
Okay? You're not unhappy that your house
didn't burn down when you buy home
insurance. You're not that unhappy you
didn't crash your car when you buy auto
insurance. And same thing with this.
You're not unhappy that the stock didn't
go down if you buy puts. But if you if
you bought a put and the stock did go
down enough, you can see you're capping
your losses in this example at 22% or
whatever it is.
Okay? And on the upside, the difference
between what the stock did versus that
blue line is the premium amount. That's
the cost of the insurance.
Okay. The problem is that buying
insurance on stocks is typically very
expensive.
It's not like home insurance or auto
insurance. Those are pretty cheap
relative to buying insurance on a stock
portfolio.
&gt;&gt; So in this case, it's not generating
cash though, right? In this case, you're
actually letting go of a potential gain.
You're actually losing money. It's
you're paying premium. You're paying a
cash flow to somebody else. But what
you're just doing is protecting that it
doesn't doesn't crash and you don't lose
all your money.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So this is the example perhaps of
a SpaceX or Tesla investor that has huge
embedded gains in their portfolio.
They're worried about something specific
over a certain time period and they're
trying to just cap their losses without
selling the stock.
&gt;&gt; I guess one option would be like the
biggest risk is keyman risk which is
Elon. If something happens to Elon, what
would happen to SpaceX or Tesla stock as
examples? they would be cutting 50%. And
so now if you own a lot of those shares,
you might go, gosh, I can't risk that if
it falls that much.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. However, to buy puts on a
long-term basis, it would be very
expensive.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You're going to be g it's going to be
very costly to do that. So with a keyman
risk thing, that's that's a challenging
one to hedge. If you're worried about
maybe something to happen to Elon when
he travels, you know, to China or
something, maybe you buy a put for that
period of time. that otherwise it's
going to be too expensive to really
hedge out that risk.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So then you get into some more fancier
ones where this is one called a covered
strangle. And you can see that um if the
stock goes up 20% or down 20% you're
ahead of the game, but if the stock goes
up a lot, you're capped. And if the
stock goes down a lot, you've got even
bigger downside. The blue line there
again versus the dotted orange line. So
you the point with this is you can
customize these strategies to look
whatever to look however you want them
to look to deal with whatever situation
that you're trying to take advantage of
or protect against.
All right, in this case you're
generating quite a bit of income if the
stock kind of stays in that range
between 80 and 120.
But beyond that, that's where there's
consequences.
So th this is a very sophisticated
option strategy. You have to be very
careful doing stuff like this.
Okay.
Another one, Herbert, is a protective
collar.
In this case, you can generate some
income. Again, between 80 and 120,
you're ahead of just owning the stock,
but you've also got the downside
protected. If it goes below 80, you've
capped your downside. That's kind of
nice. However, the upside is also
capped.
Okay. So, is that a trade-off you're
willing to live with? Maybe not. Or
maybe, depending on the situation. Or
for a portion of the shares, you may
say, you know what, I need to make sure
that I, you know, I can't lose more than
20% on this portion of my shares, and
I'm willing to give up the upside to
have that certainty.
In that case, this may be interesting.
Okay. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um and again, you know, you again, you
can shape these charts any way you want.
This is a put spread caller.
&gt;&gt; You're long the stock, you're long a
put, you're short a lower cost put, and
you're short a call.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Okay. It's easier again just visually to
look at it and see where that is. You've
got upside capped, your downside is kind
of capped for a period of time, and then
it's one for one beyond a certain point.
Okay.
All right, this is this next one's the
last one.
Ratio caller. And this one looks kind of
crazy.
&gt;&gt; Why would anybody do this? But you've
got your downside capped.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; you've got a higher return between 80
and 120. Okay, you've got some extra
income there, but beyond 120, the
stock's going up and you you're going
down. You're losing money. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, you know, you you better be careful
you're doing this properly.
But again, you can construct this any
way you want. There's a thousand
different ways to construct these charts
using options.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, my purpose with this was just
to share again just broadly what you can
do with options. Okay. Now, we're going
to shift to this idea of using margin
and not just using margin and taking the
money out and spending it. That that's
fine. That's easy. Many people do that.
Okay. But there's some possibility now
of taking margin and buying an
incomeroucing investment.
And here's an example of STRC. And we'll
get into some detail a little bit later
on what STRC is and how it's structured,
but just as an example, the math here,
$5 million portfolio value. Let's say
you can borrow at 5 a.5%. In many cases,
that's not the default margin rate that
a lot of brokerage firms offer. For
example, at Schwab, I think their
defaults like 11.83%.
Okay, Fidelity might be 10 something.
But with a portfolio of 5 million, you
should be able to negotiate with them a
lower margin rate. And we do that on
behalf of our clients. So, let's say
it's five and a half. In this example,
the STRC dividend rate right now is
11.5. So, you're earning a 6% spread on
every dollar that you borrow. Every
dollar you borrow on margin, you're
earning a net 6%.
Okay, so here's an example. Then you've
got a $5 million portfolio. You borrow
3.25 million on margin. Okay, and you're
investing that 3.25 million in STRC.
So you've got 5 million in your stock.
You've got 3.25 million in STRC and an
offsetting margin balance of 3.25
million.
That's going to throw off annual income
of about $195,000.
Okay, STRC pays monthly uh coming up in
July, they're going to start paying
every two weeks. Okay, so regular
income. And in this example, that's
generating a yield on your original $5
million of close to 4%.
And as you can see, as you go up in
portfolio size, you should expect a
lower margin rate. So I modeled out five
and a quarter and then 5%. So you're
getting income between 3.9 and 4.2%.
Roughly.
Okay. So on that $25 million portfolio,
you could generate about a million
dollars a year
of net spread income.
Again, this is not without risks. We'll
talk about that in a minute. But just to
show, yeah, from an illustration
perspective what this could look like.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So let let me let me walk you
through. Let me understand this. So, uh,
you know, you've got $5 million in your
bank account in your your in investment
and, uh, let's say you invested in
whatever stock you want. Uh, of course,
in our show, it's Tesla or SpaceX or
that's what we like. Okay. So, let's say
you got $5 million invested in stock.
Now, you can borrow from your broker
typically depending what the rate is. Go
find out. You said some of them 11%,
some of them at 5 million, they might
give it to you at 5.5%. Okay? That's the
rate of you would have to pay per year,
per month to borrow money. Now, you're
saying you if you borrow 3.2 million out
of 5 million, that's a lot of money to
borrow. That's a lot. But what you're
doing with that money is you're going to
buy this uh strategy uh STRC company.
And when you do that, they give you
11.5% dividend. So that actually covers
the 5.5% margin cost
&gt;&gt; and you've got a 6% spread. So in fact
you're going to get more. So instead of
selling that stock and then buying STRC
directly
um just get margin because you're going
to get you're not going to get all 11.5%
but at least you'll get 6%. And it's
just you know the problem would be that
if stock if this Tesla stock falls back
to 100 what happens now? They're going
to go, "Okay, I need to get my money
back, 3.25 million."
Could you then at that point just sell
your SDRC to give them back the money?
&gt;&gt; Yes, you could. Now, you do need to take
into account that if Tesla goes down by
50% or more, then is there something
going on in the market that might also
affect the price of STRC? That's a
possibility.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And actually right now as as we
speak this past week, we've had a bit of
a challenge with the STRC price that
we'll discuss here in a minute. Um so
you do have to be careful with this. Um
you mentioned that 3.25 million is a lot
of margin. Just remember though that
it's backed by 8.25
million in equity.
So you've got quite a bit of equity in
the portfolio. But again 5 million that
you started with as well as the 3.25
million that you're buying with STRC.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, it's not like you're just taking
that money and then spending it
somewhere else. You're putting into
another equity. So, but if both fall,
you have to pay back the 3.25.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, this all has to be
considered and factored in. I'm just I'm
just just showing an illustration here
just in terms of Yeah.
&gt;&gt; how the math might work.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Um certainly the the lower amount that
you borrow, the lower the income, the
lower the portfolio yield. So, just
depending on what your objectives are.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes.
&gt;&gt; If you've got $25 million, you might not
need a million a year of income. You
might be happy with 500,000.
&gt;&gt; In that case, you're not borrowing 16
million. You're borrowing eight.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Something like that.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; So, what is all this? So, let's get into
this discussion about preferred stock.
Preferred stock is actually been around
for a really long time. In fact, the it
was used to finance the railroads back
in the 1800s and early 1900s and it used
to be about 20 to 40% of capital
structures of companies back then. Okay.
A preferred stock is equity,
but typically it has a high level of
income. So, it's kind of bond-like, but
think of it as a bond that never needs
to be paid back. It's a bond without a
maturity date.
So, it's equity,
but it has a high income.
And so, these days, we're not that
familiar with it. The preferred stocks
aren't that common, right? We think of
bonds and stocks. Everybody knows the
differences between those two. This
really kind of blurs the lines between
them. And the point is, they used to be
very prevalent and now they're kind of
coming back into into four again. Okay.
So,
one of the companies that's on the
forefront of this is a company called
Strategy. If you go to the next slide,
strategy is the world's largest
corporate holder of Bitcoin.
Okay. Now, in theory, you could do this
with any underlying asset. It doesn't
have to be Bitcoin. Strategy is doing it
with Bitcoin because that's what they
feel like is the the most attractive
asset to do this with,
but look at the numbers on this chart.
They have 848,000 Bitcoin. substitute
there for buildings in Manhattan if you
want to or apartments in Manhattan. You
could you could do this with any
underlying asset, but what they've been
doing doing is acquiring more Bitcoin.
They they think that's the most
attractive long-term asset in the world.
They're trying to acquire as much as
possible. Okay?
In this case, you wouldn't want to buy
FTRC if you thought Bitcoin was a Ponzi
scheme or Bitcoin was worthless. That
would be a terrible thing to do. You
want to make sure that you're happy with
the underlying asset that they're using.
Just like if they were doing this with
Manhattan real estate, you wouldn't want
to buy a preferred stock tied to
Manhattan real estate if you thought
Manhattan was going to sink under the
under the ocean,
right? Or people were going to leave and
real estate values collapse. So, you
have to make sure you're comfortable
with the underlying asset. That's number
one. And a lot of people aren't, and
that's that's fine. Bitcoin has been
around a number of years, but a lot of
people still aren't comfortable with it.
Okay, but this is the core engine that
allows them to issue preferred stock
backed by their Bitcoin holdings to
offer this attractive income.
Okay,
on the next page, Herbert is just some
metrics on strategy.
They have been buying on the top left,
they've been buying Bitcoin pretty much
on a weekly or every two week basis now
for quite a while. Uh this tracks the
number of days between Bitcoin purchases
or their announced purchases. It's
between seven and 14 days pretty much.
So they're a regular buyer of Bitcoin.
How much they've been buying uh at times
as much as 20 30,000 Bitcoin a week
depending on their ability to finance
that. How much is that in dollars? It's
a couple billion dollars sometimes. Um,
in the chart in the green on the lower
side there, at one point they put 5
billion in in a week and a couple times
this year they've invested a couple
billion dollars over a week period in
Bitcoin. Think about doing that with
real estate. If you raised a couple
billion dollars, could you buy that much
real estate in a week? Pretty tough. So,
this is one of the reasons that they
like to do it with Bitcoin because it's
so liquid and it allows them to move a
lot of money really quickly.
On the chart on the lower right, you can
see the Bitcoin price. They've been
buying Bitcoin at highs and lows for a
few years now,
right? It's kind of like this idea of
when you have the money, what's the best
time to invest? Well, it's when you have
the money in your hand. You can't time
the markets. Only in hindsight do you
know, you know, where the peaks and
troughs were. And they're just trying to
buy as much Bitcoin as they can, or you
could say, as much Manhattan real estate
as they can, because over time, the
value of Manhattan real estate's gone
up.
Okay.
And looking back, you know, 10 years
from now, looking back, all these prices
are probably going to look very
attractive. Okay.
How do they raise this capital?
Well, various ways. They can do it by
selling their stock. That's the orange
bars. They can do it by issuing debt.
That's the red bar, the convertible
bonds. They're no longer doing that, but
they did. And they can do it by issuing
preferred stocks. That's the other
colorful bars. But STRC is the one
that's in bright green. It was the
largest IPO in 2025.
Couple uh$2.5 billion dollars, 2.4
billion, something like that. Okay.
Obviously, that's been eclipsed this
year by SpaceX.
But you can see since then, they've also
been issuing more STRC. And they've had
a couple weeks where it's been a couple
billion dollars.
Okay, so people are attracted to the
dividend rate. It allows them to sell
more STRC, which allows them to buy more
Bitcoin that provides the backing for
this going forward.
Okay,
on the next page, Herbert,
the preferreds are interesting
from a tax perspective.
Okay, if we look at that table and we
work from the bottom up,
if you invest in a bond, you receive
interest income.
That's typically ordinary income and
it's subject to your whatever your
income tax rate is. That could be
between, you know, if you're in the
higher brackets vector in state income
taxes, it could be as high as 55% some
states, federal and state.
Okay.
Now there are some municipal bonds where
you can get you know federal tax exempt
and so on but bonds are subject to in to
interest income and taxes. One level up
is qualified dividends. If you have
dividend income from stocks you can get
a qualified dividend rate and therefore
your tax rate might be 20 to 35%.
Better but still a hefty chunk.
It turns out with these preferred stocks
you can get return of capital treatment.
Okay. And what happens is every time
they pay you a dividend, your cost basis
gets reduced by the amount of the
dividend.
It's not taxed to you in the in the year
that you receive it as long as you keep
holding the security.
So you can imagine then in the case of
STRC that may be paying you 11 a.5%.
It's going to take over 9 years before
your cost basis is reduced to zero.
At that point, the dividends would
revert to qualified dividends, capital
gain treatment. Okay. So, that's an
interesting tax benefit
from these preferred.
Yeah. I'll pause there for a second,
Herbert. I know I've hit you with a fire
hose of stuff. Um, I'll let you digest
that we
&gt;&gt; No, for sure. So, there's a company
called, of course, I know them,
strategy, micro strategy. They have
their stock called MSTR
&gt;&gt; and their goal he switched his company.
He was used to be just software guy,
right?
&gt;&gt; He was a software company. Now he goes,
you know, we're going to just start
buying as much Bitcoin as possible.
&gt;&gt; So if you want to have um exposure to
Bitcoin, you can buy MSTR. But now MSTR
sells these preferred stock. Was that
what they called them?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Preferred stocks.
&gt;&gt; Preferred stock to the public. So you
can go and buy STRC instead of MSTR
and M STRC comes with dividends.
So if they sell it and you buy it then
you can get dividends which is like what
is it? Monthly, quarterly
&gt;&gt; monthly. And it's about to be paid every
two weeks starting in July.
&gt;&gt; My gosh, that's great. I love monthly
monthly dividends means each. So I mean
like each month
here's if I buy what is the percentage
of my dividend? What is the percentage?
&gt;&gt; 11 and a half% currently on STRC.
&gt;&gt; Right. That's right. You said it
earlier. So if I put in a million
dollars into STRC, whatever the number
is I'm just trying to come up with a
number $100,000 in STRC.
I get 11% of that per year. So then then
figure that out to 1% of that per month
or something that whatever the number
is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Roughly. Roughly 1% a month. Yep.
Almost.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And that's just I mean 11% is amazing
income. That's an amazing dividend.
That's an amazing dividend. Now, well,
but the SCRC price goes up and down
because of Bitcoin price.
&gt;&gt; So, Bitcoin price fell and it's now at
85,000. It used to be 125. Now it's 85
or whatever. That's a huge fall.
&gt;&gt; 63,000 right now for Bitcoin. Yep.
&gt;&gt; 63,000. Was that 50% cut?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; What happened to my STRC? What happened
to my MSTR? Does that fall by 50%. So,
just that stock alone has fallen and but
I am getting my 11%.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, these are all good questions.
&gt;&gt; But then it can go back up again. I mean
just like uh you know some as long as
you don't have to sell it. The point is
don't sell the stock. find stocks that
give you dividends and this is one way
and then the 11% is so high that you're
even saying you know 20 minutes ago you
were saying in fact if it's something so
high and you don't have the cash for
that you might consider margin because
11% 5% 6% 5% you got 6%
&gt;&gt; yeah it's that's getting very that
that's depending every I do not give
anybody financial advice I have no idea
if that's a good thing or not I
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Now, we're just talking about
conceptually here that again, you've got
a highly concentrated position or highly
appreciated position. May not be
concentrated. You may have other assets
as well, but you want to earn income.
You don't want to sell them. You don't
want to pay capital gains taxes. You
want to continue to enjoy that
appreciation over over the years ahead.
How do I get income? This is one
potential way that that is really
interesting that has some tax
advantages. Yeah, if you do it 11%
dividend, but the dividends are actually
0% tax.
&gt;&gt; That's then you, you know, typically
let's do 20%. It's actually more than
11%. It's actually 13% income
&gt;&gt; on a on an after tax basis. Yes. It's a
lot higher. That's right.
&gt;&gt; Equivalent to what you would have gotten
if you got cash flow somewhere else.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Typically cash flow somewhere else. It's
treated as income. You'd have to pay
income on it. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. As long as you don't sell the
asset. As long as you just keep holding
STRC, collect those dividends every
month, soon to be every two weeks.
&gt;&gt; What happens when you do decide to sell
it? Do you have to owe back taxes for
the dividends that you were paid in the
&gt;&gt; Yeah, because the cost basis has been
reduced, you're going to have a capital
gain. Whether it's a short-term or
long-term gain depends on your holding
period,
&gt;&gt; which is higher than what you initially
did. It's so then the capital gains is
higher. And then you'd have to pay tax
on that. Yeah. When you
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It basically reverts down to that
that second uh box. If if you've held it
for more than a year, it's going to be
essentially a qualified dividend.
Long-term dividend
&gt;&gt; theoretically long-term dividend, but
theoretically, if you don't sell when
it's low, but you sell when it's super
high, then just like anything else, you
made capital gains. You have to pay
capital gains tax on it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. There's no free lunch.
&gt;&gt; There's no free lunch. It's a tax
deferral.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's a very interesting worth. It's
interesting because it's like 0%
dividend, high dividend. That's pretty
cool. Like typically to get 10% whatever
that you need to do bonds.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And very risky credit instruments
that typically will lock you up. The key
with this is you actually have quite a
bit of liquidity.
Now that liquidity comes at a price and
we'll we'll discuss that in here in a
second because this week there's
actually been a a bit of a challenge
with STRC. This the price has actually
dropped quite a bit.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Um but let's first talk about how the
dividend structure works. Okay. because
they're using STRC as a financing
mechanism to buy more Bitcoin for the
parent company strategy MSTR.
Here's what they do. The target range is
between 99 and like 101.
When the stock when STRC trades above
100,
they are typically selling more STRC.
They're raising capital. You buy it at
100, the company is likely selling you
that stock.
Okay? it kind of keeps a lid on the
stock price. Do not expect STRC to go
above 100 and 105 110. That's not going
to happen. They're going to be selling
it to keep a lid on the price. That's
how they raise money.
On the downside, if STRC drops,
and you can see here, if the weighted uh
the volume weighted average price for
the month is between 95 and 99, they'll
increase the dividend by 25 basis
points. If the volume weighted average
price for the month is less than $95,
they could increase it by 50 basis
points.
&gt;&gt; So this month, for example, we might see
the dividend go from 1150 up to 12
because of where the price has been
lately.
Okay? We'll we'll see how this plays
out. But if you go to the next page,
Herbert,
one of the key benefits in addition to
the tax benefits is the fact that STRC
is liquid.
Now let's talk about what liquidity
means.
Liquidity means if you look at the left
side, STRC is the largest tradable
preferred stock in the world uh at this
time was 8 and a half billion. I think
there's now about 10 billion issued. And
you can see that compared to Wells
Fargo, Bank of America, Fanny May,
Freddy Mack, who had between three and 5
billion of preferred, those were pretty
big, too. But if you drop down to the
next chart, you can look at STRC's
liquidity
averaging in the yeah left chart 375
million traded a day whereas only 15
million for that Wells Fargo one. Most
preferred stocks are very liquid
investments.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; You almost need to be invited in order
to trade them. STRC sets itself apart
because it's highly liquid. Okay. Now,
that doesn't mean highly liquid doesn't
mean that you always get a price that's
at par. SpaceX stock is highly liquid as
well. And so is Tesla. It's highly
liquid, but that doesn't mean that you
always get the price you want. It just
means that you can sell it if you want
to at whatever the price is in the
marketplace. Now, Herbert, earlier you
asked what happens when Bitcoin goes
down. This is a chart from I think the
end of the first quarter where they were
showing at that time Bitcoin was down
37%
from its peak in October 6th of last
year. Okay. And you can see that STRC at
that time was flat. Okay. Now, if we
look at today, I think Bitcoin is down
about 50% from its peak and STRC as it
stands right now is down about I think
about 13%. So, it's it's down.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Okay. Um and that that last
chart shows the volume. Um the volume
again, it's very liquid on any given
day, but you definitely get some volume
spikes. Most of the volume spikes happen
the day or the few days before a a
record date for the dividend. People are
trying to buy the dividend. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So the money floods in and they get the
dividend and they might sell it the next
day. So that's why you see some
fluctuation and that's one of the
reasons that they're moving to paying
every two weeks instead of every month
is to kind of smooth some of that
fluctuation out a little bit. This past
week we've had a quote unquote price
collapse with STRC. You can see before
it traded down to maybe low 90s and
bounced back. It's happened a few times.
This time it did that bounced back and
now it's gone down into the 80s. I think
it hit a low of I think 83 this week and
I think it closed at 88. What's going on
here? Well, some of what's going on is
what I've just been talking about in
using STRC with margin. Some people
overlever their STRC position. They did
too much of a good thing. Okay? Or they
had other positions in their portfolio
that went down that forced them to now
sell STRC. And so it's kind of caused
this cascading liquidations of some
people, right? But that will sort itself
out. the market will will heal. All that
selling eventually will will will finish
and this STRC will bounce back just like
it has previously. Okay, I'll get into
why I'm so confident of that in a
minute. But first of all, I talked about
how STRC is moving from paying once a
month to twice a month. Uh here's some
charts on that. They're going to pay
semionthly.
Okay. Uh it's designed to stabilize the
price a little bit. It's designed to
decrease the number of days between the
record dates.
um and give people money sooner. Who
wouldn't want to get paid 24 times a
year versus just 12.
Okay,
the first record date for this is at the
end of June, so in couple weeks and that
first payment will be July 15th and then
from there, but every essentially every
15 days.
Okay,
but if that's a good idea, why not take
it a step further? And so there's a
company that's a competitor to strategy.
It's called Strive. and they have a
preferred stock called SATA, SATA,
and they're branding themselves now as
the daily dividend company.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So instead of getting paid 12 times a
year, you can now get paid 250 times a
year. Basically, every business day,
&gt;&gt; they'll pay you. If you own the stock
yesterday, they'll pay you tomorrow.
&gt;&gt; So, this has been kind of an interesting
innovation. They've kind of one uped
strategies STRC by going to daily
instead of every two weeks. Okay, so
very clever. Uh, they're paying 13%.
Okay, so how do we then look at
is SATA more attractive than STRC?
Which one is better? Is STRC in trouble
because we now have SATA paying every
business day at 13% which is a higher
rate than 11 and a half. How do we
evaluate that? So here's one way to do
it, Herbert. Kind of on a fundamental
basis for these companies. If you go to
the next page,
if we look at financial strength and so
this is a little table that shows a
number of Bitcoin that Strive has, 19,15
and a Bitcoin price of 63,000, that's
1.2 billion of Bitcoin on their balance
sheet. They also have 141 million of
cash. And by the way, they they use some
STRC as their reserve, about 44 45
million worth. So they've got a total
reserve of almost $1.4 billion. They
have no debt and they have annual
dividend commitments of just under 100
million.
&gt;&gt; So their reserve essentially covers
dividend payments for the next 14 years.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; How does that sound?
&gt;&gt; Pretty good.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Little small 1.4 billion only, but uh
&gt;&gt; Yep. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Small smaller company just getting
going.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Flip to the next page and let's compare
them to Strategy.
&gt;&gt; Same analysis. Strategy has 846
000 Bitcoin.
&gt;&gt; That's a 53 billion reserve.
&gt;&gt; It's 44 times higher than
&gt;&gt; Strives.
&gt;&gt; They have 1.1 billion in cash. That's
almost eight times more than
&gt;&gt; Strives. They don't use any of their
STRC in their reserve, right? So there's
not nothing there, but their total
reserve is about 39 times larger than
Strive. Now, they do have some debt.
Okay, 6.7 billion. If we subtract the
debt, we're down to about 47 48 billion
of reserve. still 34 times higher than
Strive. Their annual dividend commitment
is 1.7 billion which is 17 times higher
than Strive.
So the years of dividend coverage is
about 28 years which is twice as much as
what Strive has.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And yet for some reason their
stock STRC is trading at an 11% discount
from PAR whereas Strive is down about
2.3. So this is why I think SDRC is
going to bounce back because
fundamentally
they have 28 years worth of dividends,
right? And even if Bitcoin goes down
more, they've they've got such a strong
financial position,
right? And this assumes too that they're
they're no longer able to raise any more
capital, which is a silly assumption
because they've raised billions over the
last few months
during a Bitcoin bare market.
So anyway, it it's, you know, I I don't
want to spend all the time here
defending, you know, a couple of
products, but this is an interesting uh
type of strategy that a lot of people
are just not aware of to generate income
using your equities concentrated
position at essentially underlying
collaterals to to support that. You do
have to be careful. There's downsides.
There's risks associated with it, but it
is an interesting tool in the toolkit.
Now, in addition to using covered calls
and those kinds of option strategies
that most people use,
&gt;&gt; thank you so much, sir. I mean, you you
gave a good comprehensive list of
potential solutions that people can look
at. Some are appropriate for some people
and some are not appropriate for some
people. We don't know which one is which
depending on your scenario, financial
scenario, but there's option strategies.
And then in that one, you went and even
even went further and said, "Thank you
for educating us." But there's like uh
more sophisticated option strategies to
get to get some cash flow coming
&gt;&gt; and then you can either decide to
protect your downside or you know give
up potential upside or but just the
option strategies there is renting out
your shares to let people short it. Uh
we didn't spend too much time on that.
There's a line of credit margin loan.
Most people know that but you describe
what that is. And then what you just
want to now is this margin plus income
securities. That's what you just covered
with STRC and Strive as potential
options to consider margin. You borrow
money from margin, but then you owe them
a monthly some sort of percentage. And
then you can but then you can put it to
these stocks that then give you dividend
and if there's a difference, you make
make money, but then you're risking
yourself because it's a margin you
didn't have to do. But like you say, any
of these choices, there's they're not
offer income, leverage risk, uh
counterparty risk, and le yeah, give up
the upside. You can lose more money, but
it's a way to potentially earn income
that uh a lot of people are certainly
looking for when they're overleveraged
on stock
&gt;&gt; or they're super wealthy. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The key thing, Herbert, I think, is
understand the problem that you're
trying to solve and then you use the
right tools. These are a whole list of
tools and there's sort of you know
variations of on all of them
particularly the option strategies.
There's an infinite number of strategies
that you can employ there. It's just a
matter of finding the right tool for the
task.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Fantastic. Thank you so much SER as
always. So you are a financial adviser.
Uh so check him out at uh
brilliantadvice.net.
Then if you are uh you know managing 10
million or more in assets and you want
to meet other folks in the same kind of
category and want to know all more about
different ways to help you manage those
check out my new community at boundless
um I'll be posting that on my
description. Thanks everybody. Bye sir.
&gt;&gt; Thanks Herbert.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbert.com.