Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       The Tesla Semi Delay Makes Sense Now
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XaewGxrIwVE
Published:   2026-06-01 11:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-01 12:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Okay, yes, you you can say these things
and you can give us these timelines, but
we do need to recognize that this is
something that the world has not seen
before and that they're willing this
into existence and that process of
willing something into existence
sometimes takes more time than you
realize when you first start.
Let's talk semi. Let's talk semi.
So semi is an interesting one because
this was introduced in 2017.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. And Elon at the time said that it
would be ready for sale, deliveries
would begin in 2019 and the crowd goes
wild. Um, that didn't exactly happen
that way. The first deliveries were made
to Pepsico in December of 2022.
So 5 years late.
&gt;&gt; 5 years, that's a long time.
&gt;&gt; There and even then it was just a few
vehicles. Mhm. And of course now the the
factory has been completed in Nevada and
they've produced the first vehicle on
the production line. I'm not sure if
they're actually producing if you know,
start of production's happened yet, but
we're close in any in any event.
But that's taken a long time from 2017
all the way to today.
Uh, about a decade.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And so this is a case of there's
been a lot of technical hurdles to
overcome.
And as you've previously mentioned, the
battery I think was probably the biggest
issue. But along the way they've made a
lot of changes to the truck itself. I
think Dan Priestley said the other day
that they've taken about 1,000 lb off
the weight of the truck. So there's been
all kinds of improvements that they've
made. But in this presentation Elon did
a masterful job of talking about the the
the changes that they made to the truck,
putting the driver in the middle, the
aerodynamic design of the truck, the the
super strong glass, uh, the efficiency
of of the truck in in total. Uh, just a
whole number of things.
And then of course, as we think out a
little bit, this will become autonomous.
So there's
challenges and issues there too around
the timing of that. How long will it
take Tesla to effectively put FSD in the
truck
and validate that and have
you know, a reliable autonomous trucking
network. So,
again,
a lot of people find fault with Elon for
taking so long,
and I see a lot of comments on X about
this is like the what their biggest
problem with Elon is he's always late.
And my whole point with these two
uh articles
is to point out that basically
everything is late and some projects are
harder than others. And just by design,
it's going to take time. Uh as
investors, the challenge is I guess is
recognizing when that's when that's the
case.
Uh I know we want things to happen this
quarter, next quarter. We we see cyber
cabs rolling off the production line and
we want them to ramp up,
you know, to thousands a day.
It it it will take some time. But, if
they do this right,
then we'll get to the right place.
Just like Apple has done with the
iPhone, just like Netflix has done with
what they've done, etc. All these
successful companies.
So, I think as investors, we need to
give Tesla a little bit of grace and
say, "Okay, yes, you can say these
things and you can give us these
timelines, but we do need to recognize
that this is something that the world
has not seen before,
and that they're willing this into
existence.
And that process of willing something
into existence sometimes takes more time
than you realize when you first start.
Just like that home improvement project
on a Sunday afternoon, you're like, "I'm
going to fix this." Nope, suddenly it's
a 4-month project because you've
uncovered more problems.
This is what happens with new technology
as well. I think the
So, the the review of all the different
products is is very
educational. I think that this is a, you
know, they bit off they bit off too much
of the they can chew. So, number one,
the biggest issue I think is the
batteries.
Uh so, what happened was, let's let's go
through your your deck here. But,
basically, you said the semi event was
December 7th, 2017, but the actual, you
know, first deliveries was 2022. Yep.
And they were just pilots. Okay? So,
that 3-year delay is not That was not
way off of what he said. Okay? It was on
Three years.
Yep. No, but he said it was going to go
out by 2019, right? So, it was like Oh,
yeah, 2017 he said it was going to go to
2019, but it was 2022. So, it is a huge
delay. I'm sorry. That that is a huge
delay. That's five years later before
the first product. Mhm. But the reason I
believe was because of batteries.
So, they had to They didn't have enough
batteries. So, I believe that that's
what happened. They had a battery s-
There was cell constraint. And then they
had to choose between Megapacks, between
Model 3s, Model Ys, or
&gt;&gt; Cybertruck. Cybertrucks.
And it Well, not before the Cybertruck
came kind of later, right? But But the
Model 3, Model Y versus a semi, and I
think that that's what So, the first
issue was batteries. The semi could not
scale until battery supply, pack design,
manufacturing capacity improved. So,
that was one of the
thing. The second issue was charging. I
don't know about that one. I don't know
about this one. It is an issue, but it's
not the rate-limiting step. They Once
you have production, then they'll build
the Supercharger network. I don't think
that that was the slow down. But I think
this one is similar to what you said
earlier, which is they were going They
could have built a bunch of Megachargers
ahead of time. Yeah. But then they knew
that the technology kept improving,
improving, improving. So, they said,
"Let's wait. Let's wait. Let's wait."
And then now they've got this incredible
mega
charger that is so powerful, so quick
that they waited until that. And then
now that they have that, now they're
going to go scale, right?
&gt;&gt; right. The delay has actually allowed
them to improve this. And so, instead of
building out a Megacharger network
across the country that wouldn't have
been used, and then they would have had
another version that would have even
better. And so, then you're just
replacing what you built. So, yes,
you're you're right. And actually the
strategy that they're employing I think
here is really smart because they're
selling a lot of trucks to companies
that kind of have this hub and spoke
thing where all the trucks come back to
the hub at the end of the day and they
can charge centrally. You don't actually
need a network of superchargers in that
world because if you've got a
distribution network, your trucks are
going out in the morning and they're
coming back in the evening, you just
charge them there.
So, they can put the charging on site
with the customers
and they're actually having the customer
buy the the charging. So, Tesla doesn't
have to spend money in building the
network,
which they will over time, but there's
enough of an opportunity with these hub
and spoke delivery networks that they
can sell a lot of trucks and get this
going before they need to go after the
kind of the long-haul trucking industry.
Yeah, the third issue was Oh, I thought
the one of the issues was still the
cells. I get Was that there? Okay, the
third issue is weight and payload. Well,
again, I don't know, man. I mean, if
that was the issue, they should have not
have announced it back then
if they really didn't solve it.
&gt;&gt; data over the years how things have
improved. So, they've made some
improvements here. Sure.
&gt;&gt; I don't know that this was the issue,
but certainly things have gotten better
over time. This this delay has allowed
them to take advantage of that time and
make the truck even more efficient,
which is good.
So, that's why I'm saying I don't know
if this was the issue. If it was an
issue, then Bill Gates was right.
Uh they should not have announced it in
2017. It wasn't physically a physical
possible, but I think that they had
already solved They felt that they
solved the equation. I don't know if
this was the issue.
Right. No, Bill Gates wasn't right. It's
just that they had the opportunity to it
to improve this and make it more
economical. It's all about economics.
Mhm. In that 2017 presentation, Elon
gave some pretty amazing economics for
what the cost savings would be and maybe
some of that was aspirational. And so,
part of it I think was taking this time
to make sure that that aspirational goal
actually could be achieved. You know,
that's an interesting point because that
is that is like when somebody says
something was delayed. Okay, in this
case, nine years delayed.
And you go, my gosh, you failed.
But actually, the product, the
infrastructure, everything has improved
significantly along the 9 years. So,
when you do launch it,
it is going to like it's going to go
scale and it's going to be better,
faster than everything else and they'll
probably catch up to if they even just
launched it probably 50,000 at the 9
year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
You know, waiting until everything's
perfectly set up and then you go scale,
you'll go this
because everything's better. Economics,
weight, superchargers faster, quicker,
uh autonomy's ready, autonomy's here.
That was one of the things I thought was
one of the reasons that they delayed it.
So, you know, you you got this thing,
okay, lots of battery issues, so they
delayed that. Uh you for for 10 years, 9
years, you cannot say it was one thing.
I think it was like first it was
batteries and then maybe they're waiting
for something, but I think the other one
was maybe autonomy, do you think? The
autonomy start to looking like it's
ready and so now we want to redesign the
car so that it's autonomous ready
and then launch it or do you think no,
no, they would have launched this even
autonomy wasn't ready? Well, I'd be
curious to know what some of the changes
they've made in the semi over the last 9
years,
how much of that or how many of those
changes were designed with with autonomy
in mind.
And we'll probably find out at some
point
where they say, oh, by the way, we we
did this because of that reason. Now,
the truck pretty much looks the same.
So, obviously any redesigns haven't been
massive. They haven't changed the shape
of the truck or anything.
They haven't made it look like a Model Y
so that so that it can work
autonomously, but I'm sure that there
are some things along the way that
they've done that that will improve
that. One of the lines that Dan
Priestley said was that this truck is
robo trucking ready
or whatever word he used, but basically
autonomous ready.
Yeah.
So, And in an industry that's short on
drivers, that's going to be a key
selling point at some point. Yeah, and
somebody mentioned that the easy thing
to do is actually have a driver, a
supervised driver in the front, and then
you daisy chain a bunch behind it.
And then so you don't have to like it's
not 100% autonomous, but you have a
person Go drive it. But you don't have
five drivers, you have four. I don't
know how how real this is that
you could daisy chain versus uh Yeah.
tuning, I guess they're called. Mhm.
Yeah. I don't know again the fifth issue
is manufacturing.
Well, it's different than making a car.
So, you know, we have to accept that
there probably are some issues here.
This is a new production system for a
larger item. Uh maybe a different
supplier base, different service model.
You've got to service the trucks on site
at the customer's location. You can't
just say hey bring your truck down.
You know, there's there's different
things that they have to think through
here.
Um did this cause a delay? Perhaps not,
but still it's a set of challenges that
they that they had to face.
So, the first time I came off in April
2026, nine years later, but now it is in
production and now we're hearing that it
is
going bonkers as in
uh one company after another ordering
340 semis, and uh the orders are being
placed. So, there it's looking like it's
moving quite nicely. Mhm. Yeah. So, lots
of different things here. Now, of
course, the biggest thing with the semi
is the economics
and the the cost savings. Uh according
to this site, the the gap is roughly
about 35 cents a mile in in savings.
And for a fleet operator that runs
millions of miles a year, this this this
is going to add up significantly. This
product will sell itself. Oh, it's it's
hit everything. Yeah. If if if you have
a product that's super reliable, it will
sell itself. If you've got reliability
issues, then this this math equation
then starts to be more difficult to run.
And so, maybe part of the delay too is
to make sure that everything is super
reliable. Maybe the first versions
weren't. Maybe PepsiCo had some issues
with their first trucks. Right. That
they needed to work through and figure
out, "Okay, how do we actually resolve
this and make it reliable so that we
when we start producing 50,000 a year,
we're not going to have a service call
from every customer every week
on these trucks. That's not going to
work."
So, those I'm sure are considerations as
well that we we haven't seen behind the
scenes.