Channel:     electrified
Title:       Tesla: The Secret Is Out & It's Finally Here ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9Sv9XOr7NY
Published:   2026-08-27 00:04 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-27 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. Tesla's big summer release
software update is finally starting to
roll out to customer cars. And many of
those updates are coming with FSD14.3.8.
And Tesla told us the summer release is
using Grock Thinkfast 2.0, which is
SpaceX's latest version of its
speechtoech model. This, of course,
would contrast with earlier versions
using speech to text, which can be a lot
slower. And not only should ThinkFast
2.0 be faster, but it should be a lot
more conversational and natural as well.
And no big deal, but based on the
benchmark, this ThinkFast 2.0 is
supposed to be the best speech-to-pech
model in existence right now. This is
also exciting because ThinkFast 2.0 is
what Starlink is using for its Agentic
customer service, which has been
handling a high volume of inquiries. But
most importantly, Grock now has access
to much more of your Tesla vehicle. Hey
Grock, I want you to do all of these
things at once. Turn the temperature to
65, open the glove box, turn my
windshield wipers to the fastest
setting, fold my mirrors, and open my
self-driving app.
&gt;&gt; Done. Temperature at 65. Glove box is
open.
&gt;&gt; All right. Can you now stop the
windshield wipers, close the
self-driving app, and unfold the
mirrors?
&gt;&gt; Wipers off. Self-driving app closed. and
mirrors unfolded.
&gt;&gt; Where can I adjust my acceleration
settings?
&gt;&gt; Your acceleration settings are right
here on the dynamics page. You can
choose between chill, standard, and
sport modes.
&gt;&gt; I am hearing, at least for now, that
older Intelbased Teslas will not have
this full suite of Grock commands. But
for those with the Ryzen chip, you can
now make phone calls, search and play
music, which for me is a big one, adjust
the climate, open the glove box, and
answer questions about your Tesla. So,
this is an incredible user experience
update. But I think about the people
that are hesitant to switch to a Tesla
because of the touchscreen and getting
distracted while driving. So, in my
opinion, this would be a great feature
for Tesla to advertise publicly so that
specific group of people is not so
skeptical. So, with this update,
completely hands-free, you can basically
tell your car anything you need while
you're driving or riding. And the next
layer deeper that's supposedly around
the corner, being able to audibly give
FSD commands about how you want it to
behave. And I can almost guarantee you
there will be more commands with this
release than we're aware of right now.
I'm thinking things like open the
browser and specifically the line of
questioning to get more information
about your specific vehicle and current
vehicle statuses. And I'm not sure how
far this has rolled out, but I'm finding
that my in-car conversations with Grock
are now transferring to my desktop and
my phone. And I know some of you have
asked about that. So, yet another very
nice feature. Now, in terms of your car
having a memory of past in-car
conversations, I'm not sure Tesla is
there yet, but I'd be confident it's on
the list for the future. And a separate
UI FYI, Devon Olsen said websites like
Plex and HBO now open full screen when
you browse them. So, when you go through
the browser to certain websites, it'll
pull it up as if it were a full-blown
app natively. Today, Tesla Robo Taxi
said it now runs from 6:00 a.m. to 1000
p.m. 7 days a week, and the unsupervised
fleet is a lot bigger. Also, upgraded
intelligence invehicle distribution and
routing means you wait less. I know some
will consider this rage bait because why
not give us a number of the unsupervised
fleet, but I think part of it is because
it does fluctuate dayto-day. So, all we
have for now is the anecdotes about wait
times that from city to city seem to be
quite reasonable, and more and more
folks are saying that it's a more usable
service. Of course, I think that 1000
p.m. to 1:00 a.m. slot is going to be a
huge demand driver for the future.
Thinking about people out at the bars,
out late drinking, but frankly, at this
point, for Tesla to just avoid it
altogether while it works on everything
else, I think would be a wise move. And
this update was for all six active
cities. Austin, Dallas, Houston, Miami,
Orlando, and Tampa. I have what I
believe to be a healthy level of
paranoia around Tesla's FSD recognizing
any type of thin linear object around
eye level. So, I was encouraged by this
video that Andy Sly shared of FSD
avoiding it. So, it might not seem like
much, but given the challenges we've
seen from other instances, I was pleased
to see this outcome. And this image was
going around of the cyber cab at night
with the cyber cab decals showing that
they are reflective, which I think looks
awesome. If you've been following my ex
account as of late, you will understand
why I'm sharing this right now. I've
been working on this Tesla uptrend
pullback strategy in the Mumu engine.
And yes, Mumu is the sponsor of this
video, but I think you'll be interested
in this program. And the route I chose,
it's just new strategy. and I went with
the code strategy using Python. I
dropped in the code with all of the
parameters I want in here and then click
back test. Given the parameters I have
in the code, the past one year should be
good for this one. Initial capital,
we'll say $10,000 and continue. On the
trigger screen, I'm going to select run
once for every 1day candle. And then on
the parameters tab, I have everything
input that I want for this back test.
This is not a financial advice segment,
so I won't get into detail. and run
strategy. And let me be very clear, the
point of me showing you this is not to
show you any pretty returns or
performance. Not at all. It's just to
show you the power of Mumu Engine and
what you can do to go back and back test
your trading and your methodologies. So,
as I've been saying, do not sleep on
this platform because of the name. I did
that for too long. And of course, Mumu
covers things like stocks, ETFs,
options, crypto, and even prediction
markets. And I'm telling you, Mumu has
one of the better news aggregators I've
seen. I'll come to the trending news tab
nearly every morning to see what's going
on. And it has AI built in, so I can
say, "Show me Tesla's profitability
trend, operating profit for the past 5
years." And seconds later, you get a
quick overview of the trend and a table
showing you yearbyear. And for Tesla
stock, this is where I come to review
all of the past fundamentals. You can
see you can get all the way into the
weeds. So, shout out to Ross Cameron,
one of my favorite traders, for putting
me onto this platform. And if you did
want to make a deposit, Mumu is offering
electrified viewers up to an 8.1% APY
and up to $1,000 on Nvidia stock. Or if
you just want to try out the tools for
free, you can use my link in the
description below, or you can use the QR
code on the screen. I believe Mars has
special insight into the S&amp;P global
information and he said that 8,400
Cybert trucks were registered in the US
in the first half of this year. That
down from 12,800 units in the first half
of last year. Now we know Cybertruck
production has had some legal challenges
in the first half of this year and in
the second half of this year we should
get a boost from the lower priced trim.
However, when you factor in the 125,000
unit annual capacity for Cybertruck,
things just are not looking good. And
sadly, I think part of the reason is if
we have people like myself thinking
that, well, I'd love my wife to drive
this vehicle in the future, but I'm
concerned with any potential danger or
harassment that she might experience in
the future just from driving that
vehicle. I'm not saying that's the
decision I've already made. I'm just
saying it's a very real thought and
concern that I have. And listen, Ashley
and I don't live our lives based on
fear, especially from a hypothetical
thing that other people may or may not
do. But my point here is if I'm at least
considering it, then you know, many more
are also thinking the same. So hopefully
these depressed first half numbers will
largely be explained away by the
supplier shortage and things pick up in
the back half of this year, but we'll
see. And Tesla did just raise the price
for both the dual motor and premium
all-wheel drive variants of the Cybert
truck by $5,000 each. So the entry-level
variant now starts at $75,000 and the
premium starts at $85,000. But this
might be as simple as a supply
limitation because on the website it's
saying estimated delivery is into 2027
for the entry-level variant and for the
premium estimated delivery is October to
November this year. Four. This is an
early sign that Tesla is concluding the
Cybertruck, at least for now, is going
to be a low volume halo type of vehicle,
not a high volume seller that it was
initially hoping it would be. Gigab
Berlin really seems to be ramping up.
Andre Tig said the 25 Guns at Gigab
Berlin are hiring ACE engineers to get
things done with a hardcore sense of
urgency. If you forgot, the 25 guns team
is basically like the Navy Seals, the
best of the best. And importantly, Andre
said sell production focus is a plus. So
this could be early preparations for
Tesla semi-production at Giga Berlin, or
it could also just be Tesla scaling
Model Y output over there and continuing
to build out 4680 production locally.
There were some rumors that Tesla was
pulling its FSD out of China and
stopping development over there, but
Tesla China confirmed those rumors are
false. Tesla has not vacated its data
center in Shanghai and it said it
reported those online rumors to the
police. Tesla said the Shanghai data
center is operating normally and
recruitment for driver assistance
related positions is also accelerating
and the relevant work is progressing
steadily. So for now it's status quo.
Tesla has yet to offer FSD subscriptions
in China and has not announced a
timeline for broadly rolling out FSD
locally. And just a small anecdote, but
one Lee Auto executive did say when
talking about autonomy, there's no
system other than Tesla's FSD that can
rank among the first tier.
&gt;&gt; Saw one of the latest Optimus demos. I
teased it at the beginning of the show.
Can't say what I saw, but I can tell you
what I saw is better than anything I
just saw at these uh World Games.
Optimus is going to be the greatest
product ever made by humanity. It is
next level. It's being built by Tesla.
You know, they ripped out the Model X
and the Model S factory lines and
they're building these. Optimus is going
to If Optimus came to these games, I
would predict Optimus wins 35 of 51
contests. I mean,
&gt;&gt; of the robots, Optimus,
I will guarantee you we will be sitting
here in 10 years and there will be 1
billion Optimuses in the world. I think,
you know, in addition to the hardware
that I think is one and a half
generations beyond these, I think the
brain is like five generations behind
these. This is not to diss anything
happening in China. They're building
legit stuff, but I think Optimus is
going to be the greatest selling product
in the history of humanity. It will sell
and provide more value than the iPhone.
Speaking of the humanoid race, this week
we had two pretty prominent releases. We
had Figure announcing its index
initiative, and we had another company
out of Pittsburgh, Skilled, release its
own breakthrough when it comes to
humanoid training. But it's clear to me
it's not well understood exactly what's
going on here. So, to really simplify
things, Figure is gathering video data
from humans for pre-training. So get as
much diverse video footage from humans
as it can to ultimately train its helix
model to push toward this generalized
solution for humanoids. Then separately
we have this skilled company that
announced its S1 training breakthrough
where it does a one-shot type video. It
then holds the weights steady which
means it is not changing any of its
pre-training that it's already done. So
for skilled think of these video
instructions almost like a prompt.
Skilled is not using these video
demonstrations for the pre-training
phase. It has already done that. And
then these videos would be on top of
that once again as a oneshot prompt or
instruction. And as we know, Figure is
building the physical humanoid as well
as the brain, which is what it calls
Helix. But this skilled company is only
building the brain. And the breakthrough
people are talking about for S1 is
learning from one single video rather
than running an entirely new training
run where you incorporate plenty of
different video footage and you adjust
the weights to incorporate that new
task. Instead, Skilled is saying, "Okay,
we've done our pre-training. Now, let's
see what we can teach these models just
with one video without adjusting any of
the weights of the model." And this is
not some random company. was founded in
2023 and it's already worth $14 billion.
And there's one number that Skilled
shared, 66% that I think needs
explanation. So, if you imagine a
10-minute task, like baking something,
following a recipe, there's of course
many different steps in that process.
So, Skilled was saying, of all of those
individual steps in this one broader
video, how many steps did the robot get
right? And then they averaged that
answer across their list of these new
tasks which they haven't revealed. But
that average was 66% and they were
comparing that to 9% for the VA type
model where you speak to it, you ask the
robot what to do and then it uses the
pre-training data to do so. And Skilled
did say that both models saw the same
amount of training data and they had the
same type of hardware. So the only thing
that changed was the instruction that
was given to the robot. Either a demo
video or words. But the problem with
that 66% success number is every time
the robot would fail a step, let's say
step three of 10, they would have a
human step in, fix whatever went wrong,
and then they would let the robot keep
going from there. And from there, every
step after that would continue to get a
pass or fail mark. But obviously in the
real world, that's not how things work.
If part of the process is broken at step
three, then the rest of the process
might all be wrong. And just the math of
the situation, if every step was
independent and was hit successfully 66%
of the time, if you have a job with 10
steps, that means the robot would finish
successfully about 1.6% of the time. But
alternatively, again going to the
language prompt, something like bake the
recipe where a demo visual clip was not
shared, it was only successful 9% of the
time. Once again though, at each
individual step. So what that means is
on tasks that the model has never seen
before, words were basically useless and
the video clip was far more useful. So
for brand new tasks, the video demo was
clearly superior. But to anyone thinking
S1 has a novel technology where you can
go from one video demonstration to the
robot doing that successfully most of
the time alone, that's just not the
case. This is already built on the
foundation of some serious pre-training.
However, I think it's obvious to see why
this could be such a big deal if
advancements here continue. Because if a
company like Tesla can have a very solid
foundation of pre-training, a lot done
in simulation, tea operation,
downloading videos from the internet,
which by the way, people like Brett are
now saying the entire internet doesn't
have enough video training data for
humanoids, but rather than having to run
these very expensive training runs every
new time you want a new task
incorporated in the behavior or the
policy as they call it, you can just
have a solid pre-training foundation and
then feed get specific video demos, some
that can last up to 10 minutes, and then
from there, the robot will be able to
learn that specific task. So, if you
have a video library built out of a
handful of different common household
tasks, you can see how that would
shorten the time to getting a useful
robot. But guys, hear me when I say
there is such a long way to go here, at
least from these releases, because
Skilled has not run its S1 brain on any
humanoid robot, at least not that we
know of. So, it's one thing to have
robotic arms executing based on video
footage. It's an entirely different
thing to have a full-blown humanoid
doing the same. And separately, Figure
is saying it's building the most diverse
robot training data set ever. They
touted 264,000
app downloads across 108 countries, over
44,000 weekly active users, and over 16
million videos uploaded. Their current
ingest rate is about 30 minutes of video
uploads every second, which figure is
equating to about 4.9 years of human
work every day uploaded. And the
creators, they're calling them, the
people providing this video footage,
have been paid $15 million to date. And
Figure says it's on a path to 100x that
number and it's committed to spending
over $1 billion in the next year on data
and compute. But the breakdown between
those two was not shared. Figure said it
tried buying data from vendors first,
but those vendors couldn't hit the
throughput or the diversity or the
quality bar that Helix needed. So, it
built its own figure exclusive pipeline.
Some of the tasks named cooking,
cleaning, laundry, household chores,
logistics centers, restaurants,
factories, offices, and some examples
like kitty litter, oil changes, and
busing tables. And importantly, figure
set index is laying the groundwork for
ordering robots as a service. So maybe
before you can buy your own humanoid to
do everything, you can hire one on a
short-term basis to do specific tasks.
But just know, not all of these videos
are making it into Figur's pre-training.
Figure has to filter through these
videos. They have to do fraud checks.
They have to eliminate duplicates. And
so its actual training set is likely a
lot smaller than these headline numbers.
So very clearly the data gathering race
is now in full swing with a few
different companies taking a few
different approaches. The Boring Company
just got approval for an additional 19
Vegas Loop stations. So the Vegas Loop
is now entitled for 123 stations. And
because Loop is pointto-point with no
intermediate stops in the limit, one
could have a loop station in every
driveway. And of course, unlike a subway
that has to stop at every point along
the ride, making the ride that much
longer, with a loop, you get into your
vehicle and go non-stop to wherever your
end destination is. So, the loop can
continue building out as many stations
ideally as it can because it doesn't
have to worry about those intermediate
stops for passengers. They currently
have seven machines in operation with I
think it's 11 expected toward the end of
this year. And it's only a matter of
time until we see the cyber cab and
eventually the rebove in these tunnels
as well. And Diego shared a video
showing that there are in the
neighborhood of 30 cyber cabs now
stationed in Las Vegas. And it's very
early, but Devon is saying that even
with 14.3.8, he is still seeing some
parking issues. And if you're wondering,
Dylan, what about Starbase Louisiana?
Well, it is so critical that it
definitely involves a video of its own.
not just the headline news, but actually
running some numbers, doing a bit of
analysis, a bit of a deep dive. And so,
that is what I am working on. Hopefully,
that'll be uploaded either tomorrow or
Friday. So, hopefully you'll all be able
to catch that one. Tesla stock closed
the day at $34,582,
down 1.26%.
And SpaceX closed at $13963,
up 1.22%, all while the NDX was up. 05%.
Don't forget, check out Mumu linked
below. Do not overlook the platform like
I did for so long. It offers a lot more
capability than the name would imply.
Hope you all have a wonderful day and a
huge thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.