Channel:     electrified
Title:       Elon Changed His Mind, AGAIN ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20Y1OTNSUCc
Published:   2026-10-05 23:38 UTC
Fetched:     2026-10-06 06:01 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. For my audio only
listeners, this video is of a Cybert
truck that recognized an ambulance
approaching from the rear, but the
intersection was mostly blocked. So
Tesla's FSD turned right across three
lanes into a safe area, leaving a clear
lane for the emergency vehicle. And
after the Cybert truck confirmed it was
safe, it then merged and continued on to
the new road, automatically updating the
navigation. And all of that from a
complete stop at the intersection. So
that was an incredibly impressive clip
shared by CJP. And given all of the
regulatory chatter about how these AVs
handle emergency vehicles, I think clips
like this are a bit more significant. So
what did Elon change his mind about
again? Well, he recently said, "We
decided to nudge AI5 up a little bit to
96 GB as Tesla would otherwise be the
only company using the minimum RAM
version of LP5. And of course, if a chip
fabricator has to create special masks
and these special packaging tools for
this one chip, then they can't amortize
those costs across numerous customers,
meaning that chip is likely going to be
more expensive for a singular customer,
which hypothetically would have been
Tesla. So, jumping back up from 72 GB of
LP5 to 96 means Tesla can use a more
standardized version of that LP5. But
what's the big deal here? Well, let's
have a look at the numbers like I said
we would do last week. So, Tesla's AI5
was going to have 144 GB of this LP5,
but now the final spec is 96 GB. So,
that's 48 GB Tesla no longer has to buy
for every chip. And then AI6 was going
to have 216 GB of the newer LP6, but
that's now been cut down to 144 GB. So
they save 72 GB per chip. And as a
refresher from last week, the LP is
really just low power memory. So using
publicly available information, a
current LP5 die holds roughly 2 GB and
is selling for about $26 on the open
market. So that's about $13 per
gigabyte, but that's the raw chip price
before anyone packages it, does any
testing, or would qualify it for
something like a car or a robot. So
Tesla's 48 GB of memory saving here from
this design change would be about $13
per gigabyte times that 48, which would
save about $630
per die. But again, that is the die only
saving for AI5. Specific memory for
robots and vehicles would have more than
just the raw dye because it has to
survive in heat with vibrations and they
have to go through a lengthy
certification process. So reasonable
guesstimates to at least get us in the
right vicinity would be about twice the
die price for all of those extra costs.
Which means this could be Tesla saving
anywhere between $1,200 and $1,500 per
AI5 chip. And as we know, this new AI6
design will save even more gigabytes.
But the new LP6 really isn't priced yet,
so we can't really run any numbers on
that just yet. So, if Tesla were to
build a million Optim and each unit had
one AI5, that would be somewhere between
600 million and 1.5 billion of memory
they don't have to buy for that year.
And of course, if Optimus V3 ends up
having two of these dyes on each board,
then well, you would just double those
numbers. And using those same numbers
for 100,000 Optimi in a year would be
$150 million saved per year, assuming
one AI5 per Optimus. And then if each
board has two AI5s, that would be $300
million saved for every 100,000 Optimi
build. And those figures are using
today's numbers. But as we know, the
memory shortage right now is a huge
deal. So those numbers are likely to
trend up, at least in the near term
until more supply can come online. But
arguably more importantly is the volume
story. If Tesla were to have a
hypothetical 1,00 gigabyte aotment of
this memory, if Tesla kept the old AI5
design, 144 GB, that would work out to
6.9 Optimus units built with that 1,00
GB aotment. But with that same 1,000 GB,
if they only need 96 per Optimus, that
same allotment would be enough for 10.4
Optimus robots. And doing simple math,
that would be enough for 50% more bots
for the same allotment. Which is why I
keep saying if Tesla's AI team can
successfully train the Optimus brain
around these memory supply chain
limitations, that is absolutely a
significant unlock on multiple fronts.
So whether Tesla's working with Micron
or SKH or Samsung for memory for AI5, we
don't know. Maybe all three to some
degree. But given AI5 is likely to be
the first highvolume chip for Optimus
production, all of these otherwise
seemingly small design choices will have
an outsized impact once we hit scale.
So, I told you guys last time Dirty
Tesla put us on to the Hypershell X
Ultra S after we saw him using it in his
videos, and a lot of you guys were quite
interested. It's not only the sponsor of
this video, but it's the world's most
intuitive exoskeleton. My personal
favorite mode is fitness mode as it adds
resistance to my step so I can burn more
calories and work my hip flexors and
really all leg muscles a bit more.
Whether I'm out for a walk or just doing
chores around the house. The best way I
can describe it is like walking through
super high snow when you have to go
through it because you can't step over
it. But as I mentioned last time, I
think the primary use case for most
people would still be to save energy for
hiking or yard work or doing chores
around the house. so you don't tire as
easily and can conserve energy for other
tasks. The Hypershell X Ultra S has been
shown to lower your average heart rate
by up to 42% and to reduce oxygen
consumption by up to 39%. And just like
Tesla's FSD learns from our driving
behavior, the Hypershell uses an
endto-end algorithm to move totally in
sync with your body intuitively. And so
far, I've had zero durability issues as
the rods are carbon fiber, and the back
rod is titanium alloy. But it also has
the soft pack comfort system, so it's
super comfortable to wear. And it only
weighs 4 lb. One battery can last 18 m
per charge in eco mode, which is about
42,000 steps. So for most people, that's
multiple days of hiking or taking walks.
And the batteries can be quickly swapped
out. It's also the world's first
consumer-grade brand to be certified by
SGS, which is widely known as the
world's leading testing and inspection
company. The Hypershell is built for
extreme conditions, operating from -4° F
up to 140°. And again, just like our
Teslas, you can control it with your iOS
or Android app or even your watch OS.
Ashley still finds herself giggling when
she first puts it on because the
sensation of floating really does never
get old. So, if you want to support the
channel and check it out to learn more,
just click the link in the description
below. And right now, you can get 15%
off on Amazon and the official
Hypershell website from October 6th to
October 12th. And I know a lot of people
out there are still expecting AI5 chips
to go into Tesla vehicles rather
quickly, but I would not be expecting
that. Remember, Elon said AI 4.1 or 4
Plus is the next chip for Tesla's
vehicles. And with AI 4.1, Elon said
it'll have a newer generation of RAM
going from 16 gigabytes up to 32
gigabytes per SoC. So assuming it has
the two SOC's per board, that would be
64 GB on the board. And then separately,
Elon said it would also have roughly a
10% increase in compute and in memory
bandwidth. Just remember what we talked
about last week. Capacity and bandwidth
are not the same thing. Capacity is the
gigabyte numbers I just shared, which is
basically how much of these model
weights and the camera history and some
other things can be fit on the chip at
once. And separately, the bandwidth
would be gigabits per second. And that's
how fast that memory can actually talk
to the processor or the computer. And
remember, controversially, Elon said in
April this year talking about AI5, it
will go into Optimus and our
supercomputer clusters. AI4 is enough to
achieve much better than human safety
for FSD. So, does that mean good enough
for unsupervised? Does that mean capable
enough to run V15? In my humble opinion,
those are still open questions because,
as we know, Elon has shared similar
sentiments in the past about hardware 3.
And well, we know how that turned out.
But a big part of the reason people,
including myself, are still confused is
because Elon said in March, about 30
days before, that AI5 was primarily
optimized for AI edge compute in Optimus
and Robo Taxi. But nuance matters. Robo
taxi does not mean it'll be going into
customer-owned Tesla vehicles. And
listen, at this point, all of this might
feel somewhat trivial to you, but when
you consider the fact Tesla likely has
somewhere north of 5 million AI4
vehicles on the road around the world,
then you can start to understand why
it's almost critical for Tesla to make
sure unsupervised will run on AI4.
Because even if Tesla had the ability to
easily retrofit millions of vehicles
with the new AI4.1,
it wouldn't be free. and the service
hours or the little microactories to do
that would take a lot of time. And yes,
there was a time we were hopeful Tesla
would figure out unsupervised for
hardware 3, but not the case. But at
this point, we'll say Tesla is
incentivized to the max to make sure
unsupervised works on AI4. And based on
how things are trending right now, we're
going to get plenty of our answers here
in the next 6 months. Just for anybody
that somehow missed Tesla's Q3 results,
they delivered 486,532
vehicles, beating the company consensus
by over 24,500
units over a 5% beat. And this was
Tesla's third best quarter ever, but the
best quarter without the EV tax credit.
And I do think a lot of Tesla's Q4
numbers will depend on these supply
chain limitations. Hopefully, we get
more color on the call in a few weeks,
but given the momentum around FSD and
high gas prices, I think Tesla has a
real chance to do 500,000 units for the
first time in Q4. And Tesla delivered
22,100
more vehicles than they produced during
the quarter. So, if you've been
following along, you will know this
means Tesla's inventory is now likely
criminally low. We will get the official
numbers at earnings, but I can almost
guarantee you the days of supply is
going to be too low. Tesla should likely
have more vehicles available at Tesla
locations for people to test drive and
experience. And sure, it's anecdotal,
but I've talked to a few Tesla employees
that have all said the inventory is too
low at Tesla locations. And a quick word
on Tesla Energy reporting 13.7 gatt
hours in Q3. Yes, that was the second
best quarter ever. But until the mega
factories in Shanghai and Houston
continue to ramp, these numbers are
likely to stay in the neighborhood of 15
gatt hours per quarter. And that's
because as of quarter 2, Tesla only has
66 gatt hours of installed capacity
across all factories, including Power
Wall production. And further in the
footnote, important to point out,
installed capacity does not equal the
current production rate, which means
Tesla's production of Megapac in
Shanghai is likely still somewhere below
20 gatt hours per year. So even if Tesla
was producing energy products at the max
installed capacity of 66 gwatt hours per
year, that would be 16.5 gatt hours per
quarter. So smoothing things out and not
accounting for the lumpy quarterly
deliveries, that's a theoretical max
capacity right now until these locations
ramp further. So really for Tesla
Energy, everything is on track for now.
And we can assume most of the other
models is indeed now the Cybertruck. So
roughly 8,000 per quarter. So given the
fact that to date we were averaging
about 5,000 Cybert trucks a quarter,
this would be a meaningful jump from
those numbers. So that's certainly
encouraging. But zooming out, it's still
only trending to about 32,000 units per
year if we annualize these Q3 numbers.
So, in the grand scheme of things, still
well short of expectations. And on this
FSD momentum, I won't play the whole
video because it's already gone viral,
but in case anybody missed it, this is
Jason Oppenheim, a very well-known
figure. Some of you may know him from
Selling Sunset.
&gt;&gt; Guys, this is the most important video
that I've ever posted, so I hope you'll
watch. I just bought a Tesla and the
full self-driving capabilities are
lifechanging.
&gt;&gt; And you have the usual EDS people
calling him out saying that he's being
paid by Tesla to say this, but Jason
said, "Didn't get paid anything for
this, nor was I given anything. Just out
here promoting life-saving technology."
Another EDS patient said, "I'll never
willingly support Elon's pocketbook."
But Jason replied saying, "I appreciate
your position, but I think what's
probably more important is doing what's
best for your safety as well as the
safety of your loved ones and the rest
of the community. I don't think Elon
cares one way or another. If you buy a
Tesla, he's already a trillionaire."
Well said, Jason. But apparently people
thinking Tesla's cost only $60,000 or
above is still an issue. So, we won't
get into the should Tesla advertise
debate, but a Model 3 capable of running
FSD starts under $37,000.
And obviously, that doesn't even factor
in the used market. And anecdotes like
this from Jason are now seemingly
everywhere. And I know to some degree,
I'm the boy who's cried wolf. I've been
talking about this great awakening now
for a year plus. But I knew all along it
was only a matter of time. And it really
does feel like that time is now. But
scrolling through those comments, a huge
takeaway. It doesn't matter what you
tell people. They still need to
experience it for themselves. So, it's
still all about the BIS, man. The butts
in seats. And while Tesla sales are
doing quite well, Ford's EV sales are
down 68% year-over-year year to date.
And GM's year-to-ate sales are down 43%
year-over-year. And Tesla's deliveries
year to date are up 9% year-over-year.
And we know the comparison for last year
was tough because of the EV tax credit
pull forward. So despite some US
weakness globally, Tesla's sales are
doing really, really well. And Tesla
only needs to sell just north of 311,000
vehicles in Q4 to finish the year
positive, which yes means this year
should be Tesla's first positive
delivery growth year since 2023. So
maybe gas prices have something to do
with it, but then why aren't we seeing
GM's EV numbers or Ford's EV numbers go
up? That and anecdotally are big reasons
why I think it's more about FSD finally.
And because I'm sure some of you have
seen the headline that the fuel price
shock has pushed global gas car sales
below 50% for the first time. I just
want to make it clear this number
excludes hybrid vehicles. Meaning if you
include hybrids in this data, gas
powered vehicles are still well above
50%. But understanding that between
January and June this year, sales of gas
powered vehicles, excluding hybrids,
were down 10% from last year, and their
share of the total global auto sales
fell 3 percentage points down to 49%.
Also, full BEV sales in Germany were up
75% in August year-over-year, as gas
prices over there have hovered in the
neighborhood of the equivalent of $10
per gallon, which is insanity. And now,
one in every four passenger cars sold in
Germany between January and August this
year was a pure BEV. And yes, Tesla's
registrations in Germany more than
tripled in September to over 12,500, the
highest monthly total since December
2022, and enough to move Tesla ahead of
BYD for the year. This was Tesla's third
best month on record in Germany and its
second best in September. And in the
first 9 months of the year, Tesla
registered over 44,800
vehicles in Germany, up 202%
yearover-year. So, finally, years later,
Tesla's rebound in Germany is fully on.
And yes, the comps here for last year
were quite low. Last year, Tesla only
delivered over 19,300 vehicles in
Germany for all of 2025. But, as we
know, this is before FSD is approved in
Germany. So, more encouraging signs. The
VP of Shopify was praising Tesla's FSD
14.3.10 10 and said his only real
complaints right now are potholes and
navigation, which sounds familiar, but
be encouraged. Phil Dwan from Tesla said
improvements on both are coming. Tesla's
up to 589 vehicles registered for robo
taxi in Texas and 169 of those are now
cyber cabs. And I would certainly not
treat this data from the cyber cab
spotter as official, nor would I rely
too much on the raw numbers of cyber cab
sightings here. But what I would have a
look at is the delta or the change in
sightings over the past few days. As you
can see, for most of September, cyberc
cab sightings were well below 500 per
day. But on October 3rd, that number
shot up to over 750. So the takeaway
with more cyber cabs being registered,
it is seeming like there are also more
cyber cabs now active in the fleet as
Tesla is making a concerted effort to
keep the weight times down. But per the
usual, I like more than one data point.
So here we have David Moss trying to
live on cyberc cab rides only while he's
in Austin. In one of his recent videos,
he shared he took three rides that cost
over $87 and it was $23.2 m total, which
works out to over $3.75
per mile. But context matters. This was
during a very busy time given the Austin
City Limits Music Festival. So
short-term silver lining, of course,
Tesla can make more money charging
higher prices given the extra demand.
And as mentioned, Tesla is using this
dynamic pricing to keep the demand
lower. But obviously longer term, Tesla
needs to unlock more supply and more
scale to drive the cost down to really
change the transportation dynamic.
Because during busy times like this,
taking a cyber cab everywhere you need
to go is not really economical. But what
do you know? with very serendipitous
timing. Just now, David Moss posted,
"Demand is lower since ACL Weekend 1 is
over, and it's the first time I've ever
believed the possible future of no
personal vehicle ownership, and the
pricing for both of the rides he shared
was much closer to that $2 per mile."
But he also shared a video of 14 minutes
stuck in a cyber cab loop. The vehicle
failed to reroute itself and did loops
for 7 minutes trying to leave a pickup
parking lot. support got on the line and
stopped the vehicle and it took them
another seven minutes to restart FSD.
And for what it's worth, in his videos,
David did say pickup and drop off is
still not great. It does sound like it's
a little better, making some progress,
but certainly not ideal. And Elon said
operating hours have moved from 10:00
p.m. to 11:00 p.m. So, it's now 6:00
a.m. to 11:00 p.m. And he said, "The
main thing we're trying to solve is
making sure we don't run over pets when
they're hard to see at night." literally
trying to avoid gray kittens on gray
tarmac in the dark. And David, who knows
the service nearly better than anybody
else, said, "Got to give props to
Tesla's robo taxi. There's been a bad
storm and it's been pouring all day in
Austin, and I haven't seen the service
down once." Previously, they would have
immediately shut it off even if a storm
was in the forecast. That's progress.
Amin shared that cyber cabs in Dallas
are driving around with nobody inside.
and Spencer shared a photo saying
there's somewhere north of 300 cyber
cabs now in Dallas. And over the
weekend, Elon said, "We're being
extremely careful with autonomous
safety, just as we are with making
Teslas the safest cars in the world for
human driving." And you may have seen
Sawyer share the news that Tesla's robo
taxi app is now available to download in
some global countries, including the UK,
Australia, Germany, Italy, Sweden,
Singapore, and others. But this is
likely so that all of the people set to
attend the XT takeover event from these
countries can actually hail a cyber cab
while they're in Austin. Meaning it's
probably a bit too soon to take this
news to mean that robo taxi is launching
globally in these countries. Obviously,
it's just a matter of time, but I would
not say it's imminent yet. And today,
David also shared a very interesting
edge case for the Cyber Cab. it needed
to continue straight on this road that
was being completely blocked by a power
line worker. So, the short of it is
CyberCap pulled up twice and ultimately
took this left lane and looped around
and ended up right back in this very
position. So, this is the third time
facing this obstacle. And here's how it
ended.
&gt;&gt; We got the workers.
Okay.
Okay. So, he's removing the cones now.
Okay. Soon as the cones were gone, it
backed up.
Left turn signal. Okay. Just went right
back in its same place.
Okay. They're about to move. He's
getting in the driver's seat again. No
cones now. Okay, they're backing up.
We're backing up.
Okay,
there we go. And now, all right, they're
getting off the road
and we're going to
Okay, so they're backing up.
We've stayed still.
Very, very close.
Yes, sir. I tr can you hear me?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Hi there.
Hi, Victor.
&gt;&gt; We're all good now, it looks like.
All right. Sorry about that, sir.
&gt;&gt; No, no problem. It was fun to see you
work it out and I hope you have a great
morning.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. You as well, sir.
&gt;&gt; So, pretty sure that guy from the
utility company shouldn't have blocked
the road fully like that without
allowing some way for the traffic to get
through. But, as we always say, in the
real world, things like that happen. And
there are some very interesting
developments going on with SpaceX right
now, but I want to save that for
tomorrow's video as it deserves more
than a brief mention. So Tesla stock
closed today at $378.73,
up 2.2%. And SpaceX closed at $1719,
up 7.63%.
So yes, be sure to tune in tomorrow. And
again, for those interested, don't
forget to check out the Hypershell
Exoskeleton linked below. And I am
confident it would make for a great
holiday gift because the first time
somebody puts it on and tries it, it's
almost priceless every single time. I
hope you all have a wonderful day and a
huge thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.