Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Canada's EV Market Just Changed
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FYnCSdo9J8
Published:   2026-08-04 17:36 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-04 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And unfortunately, I I think the US has
to get involved with EVs regardless of
what's going on these past couple years
or maybe the next future couple years.
They are all going to come back to the
same place. The rest of the world is
moving on and the US is going to have to
follow at some point. It's just that if
they start later, they're just going to
be further behind.
Chinese EVs are picking up steam in
Canada. Yes, our neighbors to the north
have allowed some in. And the lion share
of Canadian EVs are of course Tesla.
We're going to get into all that and
some other news to the north. Uh that
means I've got my buddy Mark here from
the Tesla Life. He is our de facto
ambassador from the north until the
tariffs kick in and he is kicked out. Go
back to where you're from, good sir. I
believe that's uh Ontario, which is
fine. So uh I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; So, I'm on a short leash. That's what
you're saying, Brian. I have In this
economy, you think I can afford a long
leash? Come on, man. It's a buying power
is way down. The leaf the leash tariff
is what's really getting me. Don't
worry, those will soon be deemed illegal
as well. So, I don't know if you heard
Canada's Chinese EV quota is 38% full
and Tesla took most of it. You don't
look surprised.
&gt;&gt; Not at all. And that is because Tesla as
well as a few other select uh Chinese
manufacturers have already got their
cars in Canada previous to this trade
war. and uh they were already approved
by the uh government uh to be safe and
able to be sold. So when Tesla uh
decided that uh oh this new uh tariff is
now in effect, let's get on this, they
could ship as many really as they wanted
because uh nobody else was lining up
because they had not gone through the
the procedure of getting their cars
certified yet here in Canada. They're in
the midst of it.
&gt;&gt; And a lot of these manufacturers require
service centers or dealer agreements
that take time to build or iron out as
it may be. 9235
vehicles cleared into the country under
the limit of 24,500. So nobody's
fighting for a lotments. They just they
they were all approved. They all came in
well below half of of the maximum for
the U. But it is the first window which
runs through August 31st. So we may see
it get closer to that number to the
allocation. May not I don't expect it to
be hit. Uh that's that's a lot of ships
uh that would be needed to hit that that
lumber that number. Um so which brands
are we seeing so far? Well, we're
seeing, of course, Tesla is the the
biggest and then we're seeing other
brands like um Lotus uh which is a brand
that's not noted as a cheap vehicle. Uh
that's a higherend vehicle. Um you've
also got somebody like uh Polestar uh
which has the ability to ship in. I'm
not sure if they've done it yet, but
there has been talk that they will. Um,
so there's those three certainly uh are
are in the running for this.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And they're going to have to figure
out how to get enough vehicles in under
the price limit. Uh so this uh
affordability program uh is doing some
work. Now the US wants to reiterate in
an off-the-cuff, unofficial,
unverifiable sort of way that you can't
just bring your Chinese cars into the
US. I mean we have no mechanism to stop
you and they asked for clarification. Do
you mean you can't register them or you
can't drive them? And they said nothing.
So they won't allow to enter its market
but does I mean obviously you can't buy
them uh but very uh strange. And then
this big list of weird tariffs that are
kind of on shuffle.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. There's there's a lot of uh lot of
changes in the entire tariff uh system
as you are probably aware of and um a
lot of people really don't know where it
sits on any given day because
it's changing it. It's still changing.
&gt;&gt; Yes, it's very frustrating. Why GM is
winning Canada with the same EVs that
are losing in the USA. Did you have a
chance to read through this?
&gt;&gt; I did. I did.
And this is uh this is good news for GM,
but uh why are they winning in Canada
and not in the US?
&gt;&gt; Same cars. It's the same market.
&gt;&gt; True. True. But um I believe I sent you
a photo earlier of uh part of the reason
why GM is winning in Canada and not as
much so in the United States.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's only $178.90
a gallon. Is that how it works in
Canada? That's that's the metric
conversion roughly. Yes. No, that's a
that's a $1.78.9
per liter.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, that makes it in USD what I've
got here because I did the math myself.
Oh, that's Grock. 480 a gallon US. Uh,
and you pointed out that's 680.
&gt;&gt; 680 Canadian. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, that's quite a bit. Uh, 480 a
gallon. We're seeing that throughout
much of the US right now. Um, so it's
not uh it's not too shocking, but
&gt;&gt; and then you've got the other thing
where you've got a an evap credit of
$5,000 that was reinstated recently. So
that coupled with the sky-high gas
prices we're experiencing has moved a
lot of Canadians to um I should um maybe
look at electric as an option when I'm
trading in my car looking for a new one.
And a lot of Canadians have taken that
advice and are doing so. So what I hear
you saying is that the US repealed all
the uh incentives. At the same time,
Canada was implementing new ones,
creating a price disparity, and the US
is trying to tariff all vehicles coming
from Mexico, which is a US uh MCA trade
partner. Uh, and that means that you're
getting Mexico built Mustang Makis, uh,
you know, uh, Blazers and at no tariff
while we are trying and I believe
successfully imposing tariffs on the
same vehicles.
&gt;&gt; Yep. So those those Mexican vehicles are
now being shipped directly to Canada
because we can accept them tariffree
where in the US they slap another tariff
on them. So usually cars are more
expensive in real dollars in Canada than
the US often and that is at the moment
on these particular vehicles not the
case.
&gt;&gt; Correct.
&gt;&gt; Uh so
it's uh pretty crazy. Canadians are
snapping up used EVs at the fastest pace
ever on high gas prices. Now, you you
did mention that the prices are high,
but I didn't believe you.
So, what we've got here, of course, is
uh if if you are if you are considering
an EV, a lot of people are in the used
markets and they're looking for a used
EV and uh with the value uh that's
rolled into these vehicles, uh maybe
some extra depreciation uh for an EV
over a gas car, people are snapping up
these bargains because, of course, these
are lightly used compared to a nice
vehicle. When you look at the mileage
and the parts that are in the vehicles
and what actually goes wrong with them,
it's an excellent deal to snap up. And
of course, all the secondary markets are
uh are experiencing a lot of people uh
trying to get a hold of them, and that's
uh cutting down on the inventory out
there. Indeed, EVs sold in a median of
24 days, 6 days fewer than for gas, and
hilariously faster than every other
vehicle type. citing proprietary data.
My guy, there's two types. There's just
two. Uh, so it's gas or EV, unless
you've somehow broken out diesel
separately, but I don't know if that's
uh the way it works. So, yeah,
affordability is certainly a driver of
the used of the used generally, but also
for EVs. Now, here's something I pieced
together myself. I'm very proud of this,
Mark. I've had an opportunity to ride in
and drive very high mileage Teslas,
150, 200,000 mile Teslas, and I get in
them and they feel awfully new. Like if
you didn't look at the screen and
someone told you, "Yeah, it's got 35,000
miles on it," you'd believe them. Part
of that is because the owners have fixed
things when they broke. But I think
there's a bigger component here, which
is the cars don't vibrate the way a gas
car does. And vibration plus time equals
stuff will fall apart.
&gt;&gt; I don't I mean
&gt;&gt; more more rattles, more uh more noises
when the vehicle is in motion or just
idling away.
&gt;&gt; That rattle you hear is a screw coming
loose and eventually it will just
detach.
&gt;&gt; Not always, but there are times when
that is true. Now this is kind of a long
painful one. I it's it's it's it is
absolutely brilliant journalism here,
but it is uh too much to actually force
people to read. Uh so I would ask you uh
I set out to test drive a Chinese EV.
Here's what it taught me about Carney's
New Deal, which by the way, Carney's New
Deal also my favorite attraction at the
festival.
&gt;&gt; I think this is a different Carney. This
this is the uh prime minister of Canada.
Yes.
&gt;&gt; Well, I don't I don't know which one the
the fair ride is based on. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah, this is this is somebody that uh
is kind of uh baiting uh the reader. Uh
they went to look for all these Chinese
EVs that are supposed to be available in
Canada, which we've already discussed
aren't here yet really. Uh these ones.
&gt;&gt; So, how many how many did did the author
drive?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, him showing up with his Ford
Bronco looking to drive in a Chinese EV,
uh, he didn't get what he expected. He
he got the ability to drive a Tesla,
Polestar, uh, a Lotus. Uh, that's what
his options basically were. I don't know
if he knew that when you wrote the
article or not. I suspect he's looking
for some clicks. So, uh, he, uh, he he
he pretended that he didn't get what he
thought he was going to get, but we've
already explained why he didn't get a
more affordable Chinese EV, say a
$35,000 or less EV. Those are coming.
It's just that they have to go through
the safety certification in Canada in
order to be admitted to our roads. So,
those are in play. I suspect that we're
going to be starting to see some of
those vehicles as of early 2027.
&gt;&gt; The one thing that impressed the author
was the quality of all the vehicles. We
know that a Tesla, whether it's built in
Shanghai, Berlin, Texas, or Fremont is a
good car. It is very likely, very easy
to argue that a Shanghai built Model 3
or Y is better than one built in
Fremont, maybe even better than Texas.
They're very good cars and they're all
built the same. It's not like you get
the Chinese version and the first thing
you have to do is figure out how to
change the language back to English.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Uh, you know, it doesn't come with
different accessories. I mean, it might
have a slightly different um, you know,
trunk cover, but that's an interior trim
piece. I know for a time the sub trunk
was different from Fremont versus Texas.
I learned that from the guys who sell
those refrigerators. They were they were
pretty frustrated by that.
&gt;&gt; I bet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Because so they finally just made
one that would work with both. Oh my
gosh. So, uh, any big takeaways in this
that you wanted to share because I do
have a few of my own.
&gt;&gt; Go right ahead, Brian.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, it mentions the 100% sir tax.
I made some notes here. Um, it's part of
that big shift. Chinese EVs could help
close the affordability gap even though
right now it's the options remain
limited. Um and uh they the quotas are a
good cautious first step. But the real
challenge um is about labor standards,
technology safeguards, and sufficient
volume. It does you no good to have a
$20,000 BYD or or Wooling Mini if you
can't get it serviced.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Uh, so these are good steps in the
right direction, but the big takeaway
was these were much better cars than the
author expected. Now, when we were
talking about the difference between the
US adoption and the and the can Canadian
adoption, I went ahead and put this
together, uh, year-over-year
comparisons. Canada up 15% in Q1 over
last year. Q2 up 19 almost 20%
to a market share of 10 to 12% versus
the US down 39% down 20%
uh market share of 6 to 8%.
This is disappointing but unsurprising
is what I would say.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. There were there was
obviously the shift in administration
and the changes that came to the
automobile industry. uh everything was
pushing EVs away and you seen from
consumers they were reading what was
being said to them and a lot of them uh
put the brakes on looking at an EV.
&gt;&gt; It's unfortunate. It's frustrating. Uh
this is the drivetrain of the future. If
the US doesn't wish to participate, that
just means we're
sacrifice. We're forfeiting our place in
the game. we will no longer participate
in this game of intern the US for a long
time was the global leader in auto
manufacturing and they were like wow
really dividends
got to invest in the future no we will
not hey but we'll take five billion to
invest in the future just kidding stock
buyback
&gt;&gt; oh you you you
slimy jerks I don't I mean, I'm running
out of polite words, which is, you know,
I'm I've got quite a list. It's just
very frustrating for me to see. Um,
&gt;&gt; and and and unfortunately, I I think the
US has to get involved with EVs
regardless of what's going on these past
couple years or maybe the next future
couple years, they are all going to come
back to the same place. The rest of the
world is moving on and the US is going
to have to follow at some point. It's
just that if they start later, they're
just going to be further behind.
&gt;&gt; Yes, there is an advantage to being the
last of the party, which is that all the
tools are already there. All the
suppliers are toolled up and ready. You
don't have to be on the cutting edge.
But but being on the lagging side of
everything, my goodness, it's it's going
to cause a problem. Now, I will point
out that the big complaints I keep
hearing are, you know, range and cold
weather and driving cross country. And I
will point out to that that Canada has
colder temperatures on average than the
US, lower population density, and a lot
more distance between major cities. If
it can work in Canada and all of the
Nordic countries, it can work here. Can
work anywhere. Rich countries are going
electric. Poor countries are going
electric for different reasons. Uh but
it's uh insane to pretend that there are
Well, it can't Mark Mark, it can't
handle every single use case.
Therefore
&gt;&gt; therefore you just throw it out. Throw
out the baby with the bath water.
&gt;&gt; Throw out the tub with the baby and the
bathwater. And also, I burned down the
bathtub factory.
So, it's not I just I can't I can't I
can't, Mark. I just can't. So, guys, in
the comments, can you What did we miss?
What did we misunderstand? Leave it in
them comments below. Everyone else,
like, subscribe. Head over to the Tesla
Life where every Wednesday at 400 p.m.
Pacific, 7:00 p.m. Eastern, you get a
treat. It's news. It's Patrick, Casey,
and Mark. They have a fun time and uh
you know you might just learn a thing or
two along the