Channel:     electrified
Title:       Turns Out TODAY Was Tesla's Announcement Day ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YepCtaYaOI0
Published:   2026-07-11 00:39 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-11 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis.
Here we go. So, we got some breaking
news just as I was about to upload this
video. It looks like cyber cab rides of
the production variant, no wheel, no
pedals, will begin for employees at Giga
Texas starting soon. TM. For my audio
onlyies, I did add that TM. But this is
very clearly Tesla's way of taking the
testing to a new level, letting their
precious cargo, the employees and the
vehicles to test out the app, to go
through all of the experience, to
simulate pickup and drop off, to provide
any feedback really to get things as
refined as possible before allowing the
first customer in this vehicle. So, if I
had to guess, I would say maybe 2 to 3
weeks of more testing. Then at that
point, we can see an official production
cyber cab deployed to the robo taxi
network. And yes, something tells me
this was the news that Lars had in mind
at the Herbert interview. In my eyes,
there's no way it was about the impact
report. I know he might be a boomer, but
he cannot be that far gone. This feels
like an announcement that for whatever
reason was delayed a little bit. This
may not seem like it, but it is an
important step before the scaling of the
Cyber Cab. It's no longer just select
test drivers or safety engineers, but
likely a broader swath of the employees
at Giga Texas. And who knows if they're
just being driven around campus or
they'll go out on the roads, maybe take
them to lunch, shuttle them back and
forth from the employee parking lot. Who
really knows? All we know is this step
is a signal that Tesla is comfortable
with where the production variant of the
Cyber Cap is. It looks incredible in
this video. So, you absolutely love to
see it. Very exciting news heading into
the weekend. And yes, I know some of you
out there will be rolling your eyes.
You're just waiting for actual
deployment and scale. I get it. But as I
said on this channel, we get into the
weeds. We're going to celebrate things
like this. This vehicle is going to
revolutionize transport. It might happen
slower than we want it to happen, but I
am going to enjoy every moment. So,
shout out to all the teams that made
this possible. And as it turns out,
today was Tesla's big announcement day.
At least that's how I'm going to call
it. Trent has found something. Tesla
will be commercially filming in
Wrigleyville, Chicago on Monday, July
13th. Two Cyber Cabs did just get
delivered to Chicago last week at a site
about 2 mi from this production. There
is currently some AV legislation in the
area working its way through the process
right now, but as you can see on the
filming notice, there will be commercial
filming internally for Tesla. I did look
up the filming company, Invasive People.
It seems to check out. And for anyone in
the area, it'll be both sides of Clark
Street from Waveland A to Grey Street
from 8 to 9:00 p.m. But on Monday at a
few different locations, Tesla will be
filming from 2:00 p.m. to 11:00 p.m.
Right now in Chicago, there are no robo
taxi operations. Whimo is there, but
their only testing started earlier this
year. And yes, we know Tesla has also
been testing in Chicago now for months.
But Illinois is not one of the more AV
friendly states and Chicago is not one
of the cities Tesla has publicly
announced to be in the launch cadence in
the near term. But Tesla is clearly up
to something in Chicago. We'll find out
soon enough. Elon was supposed to appear
on CNBC of all places earlier today, but
word is he had to postpone. No reason
given, no new date for an interview set.
Elon was supposed to talk about Tesla,
SpaceX's IPO, and Grock 4.5. I agree.
Elon has better things to do and frankly
I was surprised that he was going to
make an appearance on that channel at
all. So I guess it's now Lars and Elon
that are doing us dirty with these head
fakes. In an exclusive one from the
information today, they're now saying
that Elon sent a companywide email
encouraging people to use Grock 4.5. In
the memo, Elon said they should change
to Grock 4.5 when it makes sense. He's
not making it mandatory, just
encouraging it. And no surprise, his
rationale, the lower token cost of the
performance of 4.5 relative to the
competition. Elon also told the
engineers to email him directly with any
feedback on the model. And frankly, it's
hard to really express my excitement
about this data flywheel that's being
spun up. Many of Elon's engineers
providing the model with top tier
feedback that will be used to train
future Grock models on SpaceX AI compute
at Colossus to improve the brain that is
Grock. that's already in Tesla vehicles
and will eventually be the brain for
Optimus. And why wouldn't Elon encourage
the switch to Grock at this point?
Perplexity, who's largely independent
because they have all models in their
platform, said, "We evaluated Grock 45
against five other orchestrator
configurations on their internal
benchmark. It scored higher than every
other configuration at roughly half the
cost of Opus 4.8. On this chart, you
want to be higher up the Y ais and
further left on the X axis. So, here's
Grock with the best performance at $4.76
per trial compared to Opus 4.8 at $946
per trial with worst performance from
Opus. And as I said on X, it's really no
longer just about raw intelligence. So
much more of the conversation is in the
harness and in the orchestration of
these deep, complex tasks that require
multiple sub aents. So, Grock 4.5 as the
overarching program manager is the best
at choosing what sub aents to spin up
and when and tracking what work gets
done, what work still needs to be done
and orchestrating the entire project.
And Grock 4.5 is doing it at a fraction
of the cost. You guys should know this
is a big deal. Where will the money flow
once people wake up to the fact that
they can do the same level of work at
roughly half the price? And I'll repeat,
this is the first model release with
some cursor training data. It will only
get better with faster iterations from
here. And read between the lines. Elon
is asking for direct feedback with this
model. So this AI use for engineers is
definitely not some afterthought. This
is a key push for all engineering teams
right now. Elon doesn't need to be
getting this direct feedback, but it's a
sign how important it is to him because
he knows once this data flywheel is spun
up and put in place and continually
trained, it's going to lead to
breakthroughs and even higher
efficiency. Jotet Meyer has shown us
that Tesla's Model Y L is now officially
in production at Giga Texas. And we now
have some spy shots of the Model Y L in
Germany ahead of the European launch.
And as we know, deliveries of this
variant are expected in North America
beginning September this year. The Model
Y L did already receive the EU type
approval late last year, and it doesn't
have to be the same timeline, but in the
US, it took about 2 months after the
Model Y L was spotted with camouflage
for the order books to actually open up.
So, possibly somewhere in the
neighborhood of 2 months for the EU
configurator launch. The Road to
Autonomy and David Moss were doing some
field testing on the robo taxi launch in
Miami. I just wanted to highlight in
this video they said they started trying
to get an unsupervised ride around 10:00
a.m. and it took them until about 300
p.m. to get their first ride on this
day. And the word at the time, this was
2 days ago, was there are two or three,
maybe four active vehicles in the
service. And just in case anyone hasn't
yet seen the geoence for Tesla and Whimo
in Miami, Tesla's in the red, Whimo in
the blue. So again, Tesla's somewhere
between 10 to 15 square miles, roughly
15% of the Whimo geoence.
&gt;&gt; The lot located right on the fringe of
the Miami International Airport, as you
can see, had dozens of cyber cabs. While
we were there, we did not witness one
cyber cab go into service. However,
based on the size of the lot, the
location of the lot, and we want to
emphasize the location even more, right
on the fringe of the Miami International
Airport, roughly 2 to three miles from
Whimo's airport depot, there is a lot of
synergies here. To us, this is a clear
signal and a clear sign that Tesla is
getting ready to ramp up Cyber Cab in
the Miami market.
&gt;&gt; To that, I'd say respectfully, let's
pump the brakes. Not a single one of
those Cyber Cabs that I saw from the
video had the official CyberCab badging.
It was all just the engineering badging
or none at all. Cyber Cab very clearly
still only in the testing phase. I would
only expect Model Y in Miami for a few
weeks. Yes, Tesla could surprise us, but
to me it would just make the most sense
Tesla will launch the Cyber Cab in the
market where it has the most training
data, and that's Austin. So, look, on
one hand, I love to see a new city, but
on the other hand, we have to be
realistic here. 10 to 15 square miles,
two to four vehicles, and it takes
somebody like David Moss, an expert on
finding these unsupervised rides,
multiple hours to get a ride. It's
really not a service. It's just a beta.
And yes, in Texas, Tesla might have 102
vehicles officially registered, but on
the road at any given time, it's likely
still somewhere between 30 and 50 active
vehicles. So, yes, I go in the weeds
here. It's what we do, and I celebrate
small milestones. But zooming out, we're
now well over 1 year for Tesla's robo
taxi operations, and we're somewhere in
the neighborhood of 40 to 50
unsupervised vehicles. And I'm only
sharing this so we can try to understand
why so many people are upset and
frustrated. And yes, of course, I'm on
board. Safety first. I'm just saying,
let's be honest. It's been a mostly
disappointing first year of operations.
Again, relative to expectations. I'm
sure most of you have heard it by now,
but oh boy, the nonsense in New Jersey
right now against Tesla. Just to catch
everybody up to speed, there's a bill
expected up for a vote later this year
that would require companies looking to
operate fully autonomous vehicles in New
Jersey to use cameras plus two other
sensing technologies, most commonly LAR
and radar. If enacted, New Jersey would
be the first state to do something like
this. But if you've been following
along, you will know we've said this was
only a matter of time. Here we are. And
yes, this measure, if passed, would
effectively prevent Tesla's camera only
system from operating in New Jersey
unless they change the hardware. So yes,
this is the reality of the clown world
that we live in. We have politicians
telling Tesla's engineers how to do
their jobs. So this Andrews Wicker is a
physicist at Princeton Plasma Physics
Lab. But as you're likely guessing, this
is all about where the money is coming
from. We have four interest groups
backing this bill. Number one, organized
labor, specifically the Teamsters. And
yes, this year they've been bragging
about killing or narrowing bills in
other states as part of their multi-year
statebystate campaign to slow AV
deployment. The bill wants a human
safety driver 50,000 mi supervised and a
three-year pilot before driverless
commercial operation. But this gets so
much better. The second group is SAVE
US. Stands for safe autonomous vehicles
everywhere in the US. And get this, its
national campaign director, Shua
Sanchez, previously led the Tesla
takedown movement, which yes, was that
anti-Elon protest campaign at Tesla
showrooms in Boston when Elon was
running Doge. And Sanchez said, quote,
"It's fair to say Tesla is the worst
actor in this space." So, let me be
clear. This is not about safety. This
really is anti- Elon and Tesla. And get
this, Save us refuses to disclose its
funders. The spokesman for the group has
only said it's a few funders who have
interests in autonomous vehicle tech.
So, we can speculate that's something
like LiDAR or Radar, something that
competes with Tesla. And of course, Uber
is out here lobbying to keep the human
driver requirement. And sure, Whimo's
fine with the bill because guess what?
They use LAR and radar, so it doesn't
really change anything for them. So,
this is perfect for Whimo. They get to
enter the market as is, take their time
to do testing, and they get to have
Tesla locked out of that market. So, I'm
very confident saying this one is
absolutely at least partially nefarious
against Elon and Tesla. So, if you want
to join Tesla in opposing this bill, I
will have the link below. Tesla makes it
very easy. You just log into your
account, click a few buttons, it's
already pre-written for you. And yes,
it's also true that that Save us group
was the one primarily driving the extra
censor mandate. You know, the group
that's being led by that anti-EON
activist. I think it's hard to gauge the
chances of this bill actually passing as
is. We'll have to wait for the votes
later this year. But either way, when
you peel back the veneer and get into
what's really going on, it's just very
upsetting. And to anybody out there
saying, "Well, wait a minute. Wouldn't
extra sensors make it safer?" The answer
is no. It's called sensor fusion. You
can look it up. And yes, it'll take
Tesla some time to figure out how to
operate safely in the snow and in the
elements. But between camera cleaners
and redundancy and just pulling off if
conditions are too bad, hear me on this
one. Extra sensors are not the answer.
Just look at all the dumb things Whimos
have done. What more is there to say?
Much to the dismay of many hardware 3
owners in the United States, Tesla Korea
said FSDV14
Light is landing in Korea. And yes, this
will be a gradual roll out in Korea. But
as far as I can tell, most North
American hardware 3 owners still do not
have V14 Lite. And this is one thing I
don't love about Tesla when they promote
something as if everybody has access to
it and meanwhile there's like 3% of the
fleet that actually has it and then
everybody else is waiting weeks for the
feature. That communication should be
better. It's literally marketing 101.
Just be careful with the expectations
you set. When it comes to the Model Y
performance in China, of course, it was
available before the Juniper refresh,
but after that, it never made it back to
the Chinese market. But today, the word
is the Model Y performance is getting
ready to make its appearance again in
the Chinese market. Post Juniper
refresh, it's only been the standard
range rearwheel drive. The long range in
two variants, rear wheel and all-wheel,
and the Model Y L was the fourth
variant. So, the Model Y performance
will now make number five. Tesla
released a cool video of some footage of
construction crews removing the Model S
and X factory lines in Fremont. A
bittersweet as those vehicles are the
reason Tesla is a company today. But
sometimes you have to clear things out
to make way for new chapters. Based on
certain clips of this footage, it looks
like the new Optimus equipment is ready
to go in and we know Lars said Tesla's
already receiving it from Tesla
Automation in Germany. And not counting
shipping. It takes a week or two to
validate that equipment once it arrives
here. But Tesla has 40 plus lines it
needs to set up for various components.
So the next few months we'll be getting
those lines set up and then maybe maybe
some low volume production by Q4. On the
Tesla careers page, you have some new
listings for the rental readiness
specialist position. States like
California, Maryland, Pennsylvania,
Arizona, Kansas, Washington, and
Florida. I think this is an awesome
program. Would love to see it
continually expand. You can schedule a
rental for up to seven days starting at
$60 per day and you charge for free at
any supercharger. And the word is FSD is
included as it should be. LG Energy said
it's expanding production of cylindrical
batteries at its site in China,
supported by rising demand for Tesla
EVs, including the Model Y. LG is
getting ready to start operating a new
cylindrical battery production line to
meet growing orders from Tesla. They
said each production line has annual
capacity of about 2 gawatt hours with
total capacity expected to expand into
the double-digit gawatt hour range. So
LG expanding to multiple new lines for
cylindrical cells. But even if only one
of those was for Tesla, 2 gawatt hours
is somewhere in the neighborhood of
enough for 25,000 Model Y's. And
briefly, we have to talk about 1X and
Neo and their announcement of their 25
degree of freedom hands. These hands are
made in the USA. They currently have a
factory in Hayward, California. And
they're building another one that will
be a few times larger, also in
California, set to open later this year.
And they said these are the hands that
will ship on every Neo. That 25° of
freedom, it's 22 fully actuated in the
fingers and the palm and three at the
wrist. If you push on a finger and it
yields, it'll report exactly how hard
you pushed. Force flows out and
information flows back through the same
physical path and it's what turns a push
into a measurement. So every hand
activity and all of that sensor data is
training the policy for the hands. And I
have to admit, just looking at And I
have to admit, just looking at the
engineering and the actuators and the
tendons, it's a pretty incredible
design. Neo can assemble Lego
structures, pick up individual screws
and coins from a wallet, spin and
install light bulbs, use a screwdriver,
rotate objects in a hand, zip a jacket,
sort grapes by color, pour tea from a
kettle, catch a squishy ball, plug in a
USBC charger, grab a wine glass, wipe
surface, wipe surfaces with a paper
towel and spray, and communicate via
sign language, and infinitely more. And
the hands are IP68 waterproof and food
safe, allowing Neo to wash its own hands
like a human. The hands feature rich
highresolution tactile sensing across
the fingertips and surfaces, measuring
normal force, contact location, and
shear. This enables Neo to detect when
objects begin to slip and respond in
real time. And the skin is co-designed
with the sensors inside it and the
tendons behind it. It's a functional
material, not a cosmetic one. They said
components and full finger assemblies
have undergone millions of test cycles.
Drive units have been tested at extreme
temperatures and wrist joints have been
proven reliable well beyond two million
cycles under high loads. And just like
Tesla was planning to do, might still be
planning to do, the motors live in the
forearm where most of your own grip
strength lives. And the big one, they
said hundreds of these hands have
already come off a scalable production
line. We make these 25 We make these
hands on our dedicated line using high
yield processes with full endofline
testing. Every unit is built end to end
in-house from tendon materials and 1x
motors to the final soft polymers, skin
and tactile sensing stack. This gives us
the capacity this gives us the capacity
to produce 10,000 hands per year. So the
hand itself very impressive. And look,
this is mostly an American company. Yes,
they were founded in Norway, but most of
their operations are currently in the
states. And as I always say, not
everything needs to be compared against
Tesla, but everybody's going to do it
naturally. And while the hand is a huge
part of the hardware engineering, this
entire story will ultimately be about
the brain and who can get to actual
autonomous operations. Remember the 1x
strategy to go to market is to ship
these to customer homes. But in the
early days, they will all be remote
operated. Yes, tea operated by a 1x
employee. That is how they plan to
gather a lot of their realworld data
early on. Tesla on the other hand will
be doing most of its training in its own
factories behind closed doors. Yes,
using TA operation as part of the stack,
but as far as we know Tesla's early use
case will be inhouse. And it should go
without saying, but we don't really know
anything about NEO's cost of goods sold
and what its realistic path to
profitability or free cash flow actually
is. But at the same time, we have to be
reasonable. We need to give these
companies time. It took Tesla over a
decade to become profitable in case you
forgot. And look, I know Tesla owes us
nothing. They owe us no demos. But if
they really wanted to do something, they
could easily throw a shirt on Optimus
and put some gloves over the hands and
do something. They have done demos in
the past. And again, if you've been
following along, you will know the drum
beat has been that Tesla has fallen
behind and that things have not gone
according to plan. Now, I have no idea
how true those reports are, but Tesla
has gone completely radio silent with
Optimus now for months, but for whatever
it's worth, do I think Tesla is behind?
No. I think they're taking a different
path. I think they're optimizing for
different things. I think this whole
who's ahead, who's behind thing is
ultimately nonsense. Many different
players are going to win in this market.
The TAM is huge. And at the end of the
day, it won't be about who is first to
market. It's going to be who is first to
a useful autonomous robot. because I can
tell you right now, TA operation is not
a long-term plan. But seriously, props
to 1X. The hand looks incredible. I
really hope they win as an American
company. I'd love the consumers to have
options. I'd love to see some early
prototypes in homes. And if this lights
a little fire inside the Tesla
engineers, that's awesome, too. SpaceX
uploaded another video in this dock
series it's doing on Starship. I highly
recommend you watch it. It's not really
one that I can break down. Much of the
greatness of the video is in the visuals
and the scenery, but I'll have it linked
below if you haven't seen it. Tesla
stock closed the day at $47.76,
up.3%, while SpaceX underperformed
today, closing at $14,5.30,
down 4.51%.
This while the NDX was up.33%.
Hope you all have a safe and a wonderful
weekend, and a huge thank you to all of
my Patreon supporters.