Channel:     electrified
Title:       Starlink Mobile Really Just Happened & Elon Can't Contain His Excitement ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZa9z-6g9Y8
Published:   2026-10-08 23:42 UTC
Fetched:     2026-10-09 05:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis.
&gt;&gt; First, we honor an industrial titan, a
brilliant engineer, and one of the
greatest technology founders to ever
live. His name is Elon Musk. Quite
honestly, there is nobody like them. Few
Americans in history have done more to
advance America's national interest than
Elon. In one field after another, his
genius and determination have made
science fiction into reality. And that
is so true. In addition, Elon created
Tesla, the first successful new car
manufacturer in over 75 years, producing
the first commercially viable electric
cars with the first consumer
self-driving technology. Elon is our
modern-day Thomas Edison. And Elon, I
want to congratulate you. You're my
friend and all of that, but you are a
very, very special guy. Thank you very
much. And congratulations, Elon. So,
shout out to Elon for being awarded the
National Medal of Science today.
[applause]
I think most of us here would agree
outside of our little Tesla bubble on
YouTube and on X, he just does not get
the credit that he really deserves for
everything that he's done, not only for
America, but for the world. And somehow,
it's pretty crazy to comprehend, but I
think he is still in the somewhat early
days of everything that he's going to
achieve. And maybe it's just me, but I
always enjoy when I see Elon smiling and
laughing. Elon gave us some much needed
clarification about the Terraab project
with TSMC and its involvement. Elon said
SpaceX and Tesla will build and run the
FAB. Let there be zero doubt about that.
Maybe TSMC subleasases part of the
Terraab if they want, but nothing more
than that. And frankly, the only reason
Terraab would allow TSMC to have any FAB
floor space at all would be if they're
getting something in return. And we know
the primary objective for Terrafab is
chip output dedicated for SpaceX and
Tesla, which would likely mean any
subleasasing from TSMC would also mean
that that output is going to be for
SpaceX and/or Tesla. But I was
encouraged to hear that Elon is
basically taking the option off the
table for TSMC to own and operate any
part of the Terapab. So any deal with
TSMC would likely be in line with what
Intel is doing. Not an owner operator,
more of a process partner manager. So
Intel and TSMC would supply some of the
technology, help to oversee getting it
set up properly, maybe help advise on
the buildout of the FAB. And for now,
what Intel gets in return is clear. It's
a dedicated massive customer for its
very new 14A process. But the
interesting thing is TSMC is not in the
same boat as Intel. They're already
selling all of their Frontier chips
really without any issue. And that is
precisely why Elon is likely offering
this sub lease to TSMC if anything,
which in short would just be a faster
way for TSMC to be up and running
creating new wafers on American soil
without having to go the green field
route. Basically, TSMC would get a
portion of the power and water that's
already available in Grimes County in
exchange for some rent and who knows
what else. And of course, the main
question of the what else would be in
that contract, how much of TSMC's output
would be reserved for Tesla and SpaceX.
So, we'll see if anything comes of this.
But if Elon is going to go the Terraab
route, then obviously long-term I'd
prefer to see them keep as much control
as possible. Having strategic partners
that could help accelerate and inform
the process is great, but anything
further than that could lead to
complications down the road. I want to
share this project I've been building
out because my league mates have been
asking all kinds of questions about how
I've been doing it because they've been
loving it. I'm the commissioner of my
fantasy football league and every week
we run a 12 leg parlay. So, as part of
the site I built, we can track live all
of our bets for the week to see which
are on track and which are not. And
immediately when games are over, it
tells you if we won or lost that leg and
tracks everything. And of course, we
have an alltime leaderboard along with
just this year. And I could go on and
on, but I spun this up with Bolt.new,
the sponsor of this video. As I've been
saying, it's one of the easiest ways to
go from a verbal prompt directly to a
finished app without any extra work. And
as I'm sure many of you are learning,
not all of these frontier models are
good with things like front-end design.
So, if you or anyone you know would
enjoy building an app on their own
without all of the back-end technical
work, I think Bolt.new is absolutely
worth checking out. and further. Right
now, they're offering this new Bolt
Forge, which gives you access to openw
weightight models. In some cases, this
will give you up to 50x the usage, so
you can try all kinds of different
experiments and do multiple projects
without having to worry about running
into your limits. So, let's say I want
to build with Kimmy K3. I can easily
select that model. Let's say I want a
robo taxi verse ownership break even
model with sliders so I can easily see
the math. I would just sit here and
verbally explain what I want. I want an
app where then once I'm done and I send
the prompt through with Bolt Forge, it
just lets you know that your builds will
help to train these openweight models
anonymously. So I'll click okay and then
it goes to work. And here we go. It
gives us a oneshot preview. So I'll go
ahead and publish this one. And here we
go. I'll plug in some assumptions.
Within seconds, I have a tool that will
give me a break even for the math I want
to do. Now, of course, I would go back
and forth and adjust things as I want,
but again, given the new Bolt Forge
feature for those openweight models and
how easy it is to use Bolt new to go
from a prompt to a working app, I think
it's absolutely worth a try, especially
for anyone who's not overly comfortable
with all of the complexity of AI. If you
want to support the channel and check it
out for yourself and you're ready to
start building whatever you've been
putting off, just head to subscriptions
and use my code electrified for a free
30-day pro account. And that's bolt.new
code electrified and you get one full
month of pro to start building. Enjoy.
And today, American Airlines said it's
going to expand its sweeping
modernization of its aircraft by
bringing Starlink to more than 1,000
mainline aircraft with installations
beginning early 2027. This rollout
builds on American's announcement in May
to install Starlink on more than 500
Airbus aircraft. So, previously American
had said they were planning to install
Starlink on more than 500 Airbus
aircraft, but this expanded program will
be for the entire mainline fleet of more
than 1,000 Airbus and Boeing narrowbody
and widebody aircraft. So, really
perfect timing for American to double
down with Delta dragging its feet and
digging its heels in even further. And
things have continued to progress quite
quickly for SpaceX this week as it also
secured approval to launch and operate
15,000 nextG SATs for Starlink Mobile.
The FCC cleared the request after they
applied back in September last year. The
FCC also issued a waiver so SpaceX can
offer wireless services through SAT
without entering into a leasing
agreement with a groundbased mobile
operator. So, yes, the approval seems to
create a regulatory path for SpaceX to
turn Starlink Mobile into a competitor
to AT&amp;T, T-Mobile, and Verizon.
Something the SpaceX executives have
been teasing. Currently, version one of
Starlink Mobile is exclusively available
in the US through T-Mobile, known as T-
Satellite. But right now, it only uses
about 650 SATs with data speeds
estimated around 4 megabits per second.
Whereas the upcoming 15,000 SAT
constellation promises to deliver 5G
speeds at 150 megabits per second per
user. And as we've heard, rather than
using traditional cell towers, SpaceX
envisions harnessing both SATs and
smaller costeffective groundbased FEM to
cells to offer cellular coverage for
phones, including in suburban areas and
cities. The FCC said the planned
constellation promises to not only serve
users in cellular dead zones, but also
bring increased competition in the
provision of retail wireless services to
American consumers. And further, this
grant allows SpaceX to orbit the SATs
from 335 km to as low as 326 km or 202
mi from Earth, which is a new low
compared to Gen 1. Now, the Gen 1
directtoell satellites are not that much
higher. They're around 360 km. So, these
are marginally lower, but lower
nonetheless. And this authorization lets
the SATs use even more radio spectrum
that SpaceX acquired from Echoar. We've
been talking about that all year. And
SpaceX has been cleared to use the SATs
for cellular operations outside the US.
And one thing to note, the FCC's order
said the company can only test using
Echoar radio frequencies until step two
of the SpaceX Echoar transaction is
consummated, which is supposed to happen
November of next year. Commenting on
this news, Elon said, "Starlink Mobile
direct to cell V2 satellites are
incredible. This SpaceX constellation
will enable more than 100 times the
bandwidth of our current V1 system." And
I shared that news to pave the way for
this. SpaceX just said, "We announced an
agreement to acquire a nationwide
lowband spectrum license portfolio that
will pave the way for Starlink to become
a major mobile carrier in the US. With
this new spectrum in our Gen 2
constellation, Starlink Mobile can
ensure Americans have access to
high-speed mobile broadband no matter
where they are." And Elon immediately
chimed in saying, "Very big deal." In a
new blog post today, SpaceX said, "This
prime lowband spectrum addresses one of
the key remaining technical gaps."
SpaceX said, "Once we receive final FCC
approval, Starlink Mobile will deploy a
flexible architecture combining our
satellite to mobile constellation in
space with an advanced terrestrial
deployment that can seamlessly connect
devices everywhere. While Starlink
Mobile's global 2 gigahertz mid-band
spectrum will provide high bandwidth
capacity in the US, this new lowband
spectrum will provide a coverage layer
that ensures Starlink mobile signal
penetrates through obstacles like walls
and can provide service to customers
devices even when they're in buildings.
Critically, most existing mobile devices
already support this underused band.
With this new lowband spectrum and our
Gen 2 constellation, Starlink Mobile can
now become the first network operator to
deploy both satellite and terrestrial
spectrum. One network that provides
Americans with a reliable service
indoors, outdoors, in cellular dead
zones, and everywhere in between.
[applause]
Take that, AT&amp;T, T-Mobile, and everybody
else. And guys, I say it like that
because if you missed it, the CFO of
T-Mobile recently said, talking about
Starlink Mobile, the physics just don't
allow direct to cell to be a substitute
product. You're too high up. You can't
even get through a Tesla windscreen. You
could have a million satellites up there
with all the spectrum in the world. You
can't break the fundamental laws of
physics. It's not a competitive threat
from the wireless perspective at all.
And further, the CEO of AT&amp;T, John
Stany, recently said, talking about
Starlink Mobile, that there's all kinds
of other issues like you can't radiate
cellular signals from somebody's house
without their permission unless somebody
changes the law on that. We can go down
a whole bunch of reasons why that won't
effectively work. So, basically just
publicly disrespecting Starlink Mobile,
shrugging it off, and here we are a few
days later with SpaceX making this move.
So, can we call this poetic justice?
Maybe it's a bit of a stretch, but I'm
going with it. And as Aaron Bernett
shared, which Elon later shared, phones
coming next year and in 2028 will be
equipped with chipsets to handle
Starlink Mobile's other high throughput
spectrum natively. And as if we needed
any more excitement today, Elon just
said, "This will sound super crazy, but
I see a path to SpaceX being worth
orders of magnitude more than the
current Earth economy." So, sure, cue
the eye rolls for a portion of the
crowd, but hey, let's give it a few
years and let's revisit this around 2030
and we'll see what's what. And no, not
that I think this outcome happens by
then, but my point is I think that path
will be a lot more clear and this won't
sound as far-fetched. And they went on
to talk about the news we just covered,
adding the FCC authorized the full range
of backhole bands used by Starlink's V3
broadband satellites, enabling them to
operate with the existing Starlink
gateway network. So yes, SpaceX just got
the missing puzzle piece for the
coverage layer that will now allow it to
operate well inside buildings. And
SpaceX bought this spectrum nationwide.
And as they said, most phones already
support it. So, new devices should in
theory not be required. Now, the FCC
still has to sign off on this latter
portion of the news, but the idea is the
satellites would handle the outdoors,
the rural areas, and the dead zones, and
then the ground towers would use this
800 megahertz spectrum for indoor and
dense areas. And the idea is our phones
would switch between them without us
noticing at all. So, if and when this
all gets approved and done and the new
satellites launched, which we should
have every reason to believe will
happen, SpaceX will be the first
operator running a satellite spectrum
paired with a terrestrial cellular
spectrum as one network. Now, at this
point, we still don't have SpaceX's
exact ground network plan. Earlier this
year, they said it would be a cellular
radio bolted to the same mount as our
Starlink dishes on some roofs, not every
roof. and they were calling that radio
the fem to sell. So, still plenty of
questions, but this 800 megahertz
license was held by Grain Management,
which is an investment firm that got
this spectrum from T-Mobile earlier this
year. And again, this specific deal
still requires FCC approval. And the
official price has not been disclosed,
but some reports put it in the
neighborhood of $6 billion. But now,
rather than borrowing T-Mobile's
Spectrum, SpaceX plans to own the
Spectrum itself. So look, it's still
going to take some time for this to
develop, for SpaceX to get these new V2
directto cell sats up in space, for that
Echoar deal to actually close, and for
SpaceX to actually build out its ground
network infrastructure. But the
important takeaway, the path and the
plan are now both official and clear.
Now, US mobile carrier coverage annual
revenue is on the order of about $200
billion per year across the carriers. So
over time, if Starlink took 10% of that
market, you could call it about $20
billion in revenue or 20% would be $40
billion in revenue. And of course, those
numbers would not happen until the early
2030s because again, even today, the
real plan from SpaceX isn't to launch a
mobile service like this until the end
of 2027. And that's likely if all goes
well. But remember, not everything is
just about dollars and cents and
revenue. Because if it were, this deal
wouldn't be as exciting because of what
I've been harping on all year. Think
about these compute leasing deals. Let's
say this $40 billion SpaceX is looking
to raise for Nvidia chips stays on a
similar payback period that these
earlier lease deals have operated on,
which is about 12 months. So, boiling it
down, they spend $40 billion and 12
months later they have that $40 billion
back in revenue already. Whereas with
Starlink Mobile, you have a potential or
theoretical maybe $30 billion in revenue
sometime into the 2030s with arguably a
bit more uncertainty than you have with
these compute leasing deals because the
demand is so extreme relative to the
supply. But the reason I said it's not
all just about revenue is because just
like the Frontier Compute is a scarce
asset, well, this 800 megahertz block of
spectrum is also a scarce asset. This
lowband satellite to phone block had
some competition also trying to acquire
it namely A Space Mobile and A has
carrier deals with Verizon and AT&amp;T.
Meaning the likely outcome had A1 that
block is that Starlink may have been
stuck renting frequencies from T-Mobile.
And in case you missed it, T-Mobile took
all of the Starlink branding off the
website, and as mentioned, they're now
just calling it T- Satellite. So that
Starlink partnership still exists, but
now it's completely behind the scenes.
Also, AT&amp;T, Verizon, and T-Mobile
earlier this month formed a joint
venture amongst themselves for, you
guessed it, satellite phone coverage. So
obviously, none of those companies want
to be stuck with only Starlink. The idea
is that if Starlink raises the price or
chooses not to work with them anymore,
they want to be able to go to a
different satellite vendor. But now that
Starlink owns this new license and this
new nationwide spectrum, once it's up
and running, it's not going to need
T-Mobile's permission for anything. So,
it'll be able to sell that same dead
zone coverage it's offering currently
with T-Mobile to anyone directly or
really to whatever other carrier is
willing to pay for it. Now, obviously, I
think the plan is for Starlink to go at
it alone and go direct to customer, but
the good news is they will now have
optionality. And so, now SpaceX has
leverage because a carrier like T-Mobile
can't just choose to cut Starlink off
and then leave Starlink without the
ability to contact these cell phones
because Starlink will have the ability
to reach those cell phones on its own.
So again, even if Starlink Mobile didn't
develop, which again, we have every
indication it will, Starlink does now
have leverage it didn't have before. And
just having a quick look, T-Mobile stock
is down over 6% after hours on the news.
AT&amp;T down over 7% and Verizon down just
under 7%. And so, look, I might not be
able to reliably leave Verizon until
sometime in 2028 or 2029, but you can
bet I will be rooting for that date to
come because I've had so many complaints
about Verizon over the years. Not from a
reliability standpoint, but from
confusing bills and random charges and
fluctuating pricing and poor customer
service at times. And again, yes,
Starlink Mobile is going to have plenty
to prove, and it won't happen overnight.
But SpaceX now has a combination of
hardware infrastructure and spectrum
that nobody else can match. Again,
assuming this new lowband spectrum does
get approved. So really, congratulations
to the SpaceX team. They are moving
incredibly fast here and not slowing
down. And as I've been saying all year,
the Starlink takeover is in full effect.
Certainly much more to come on this in
the months ahead. Now, at this point,
I'm going to choose to run through a few
quick ones to cap this video, but
tomorrow's video has now become very
important. I had a whole section built
out on something that I think is
critical and is going very overlooked.
So, I have a lot to say on Grockbot and
Digital Optimus, but I want to make it
very clear. Recently this year, Elon did
clarify Digital Optimus is different
than Grockbot. It's real time video
human emulation. And so when we consider
the fact that the compute needed for the
stage of AI we're about to enter is
going to be insane, personal agents,
agent swarms defending enterprises,
agents that review all of our code for
security issues, agents that process
nearly all enterprise data in workflows
and so on. Well, just today Elon said
people have no idea. And how do we know
it's real? Because Amazon is now banning
agents. And Elon shared that saying
seriously talking about the
opportunities that are going to arise
from any business that chooses to block
agents in the future because it'll
create opportunity for competitors to
arise that will allow agents to interact
with their platforms. And I think we're
due for an update because back on March
12th this year, Elon said it would be
about 6 months until we can try this
digital Optimus, which would have taken
us into September. So that timeline has
came and went. But again, I'm going to
save this segment for tomorrow's episode
because I do think it is that important.
So, let's zip through a couple thanks to
this unexpected breaking news. Starlink
did say the referral program has been
updated. So, if you refer your friends
to Starlink, both you and your friend
will now get $100. So, as always, if
you're looking for a referral link, I'll
always have mine in the description
below. Finally, after weeks and weeks of
waiting, Ship 40 is finally returning to
the launch site. Still no official plan
for the vehicle itself, although I'm
sure it'll be used for continued
analysis, but we'll likely hear more
about that in the weeks ahead. And as
mentioned earlier, the information came
out with a false report saying that
SpaceX might be slowing how it builds
new facilities. But Elon replied saying,
"False. We are accelerating rapidly."
When it comes to Tesla's TAD approval in
the EU, yes, again, Tesla's assisted
driving, the name has been officially
changed across the EU. So, no more FSD
over there. But the word is Slovakia is
set to approve TAD here in the next few
days. And as I said, this FSD in the EU
tracker is now live as a dashboard. So,
dummus.com and you'll see it under
dashboards. And again, this will track
the progress and approvals daily and
give you all the information you need to
see how close we are to the thresholds
that we need. Back in the states,
hardware 3 owners be encouraged. FSD14.3
light is now rolling out to some
hardware 3 owners. As far as I can tell,
it's still a somewhat small roll out.
And as far as I can tell, the release
notes are the same as 14.2 Lite. And
shout out to Spencer as I saw him report
this first, but Nitsa has granted Tesla
more time to respond to the CyberCab
audit query. Remember, the initial
deadline was September 30th, but Nitsa
has given Tesla 30 more days. So, the
new deadline is October 30th. And I know
some of you will remember earlier this
year I said Tesla might be playing a
cat-and- mouse game, kicking the can
down the road with this whole cyber cab
approval process. They may have expected
this challenge from Nitsa all along.
They may have been expecting to ask for
an extension. Also, they could get their
cyber cabs on the road and operating as
they wait for these new FMVSS to be
approved, which ideally would result in
them not having to get an exemption at
all. So, again, that's just my
speculation, but this news certainly
does not hurt that theory. And for what
it's worth, in the memo, Tesla requested
an 8-week extension, which would have
taken them until November 20th, Tesla's
reasoning, the voluminous nature of the
request, and the need for Tesla to
conduct a diligent search of records and
to organize and prepare information into
thorough narrative formats in response
to each question, but Nitsa only gave
them a portion of what they asked. And
there have been some videos of robo taxi
service operating in heavy rains and in
this case also at night. Ashoke shared,
"Ready for service, rain or shine." The
robo taxi account also shared the video
saying, "Unfased by a little rain.
Clearly, it was not just a little rain."
And Michael, who's reporting on the robo
taxi service from Tampa, said that Whimo
service was paused due to weather, but
the robo taxi service remained active.
Now, again, something like this is
anecdotal, but for Ashoke and the robo
taxi account to post about it, you would
think they're feeling pretty confident
about staying active during even heavy
rain. And this matters, guys, because
remember, people have been arguing, "Oh,
Tesla's robo taxis will never work at
night, and they'll never work in
inclement weather." And sure, snow is
another thing, but in the rain and in
the dark, aka at night, it seems like
they're developing some serious
confidence. But again, much more to come
tomorrow. Tesla closed the day at $375
flat, down.74%.
And SpaceX closed at $16057,
down 4.19%. All while the NDX was down
1.39%.
Don't forget, check out bolt.new linked
below for anybody interested. Again, I
think it's an awesome way to ensure
everyone can benefit from AI. Hope you
all have a wonderful day and a huge
thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.