Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       Starlink Is About to Get a 10X
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDzxazjiM2w
Published:   2026-07-19 14:20 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-19 15:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

20 V3s is the same as about 260 V2s.
This is the reason that we know so much
about what Tesla is doing and also
SpaceX now as well.
&gt;&gt; This is a national infrastructure
project.
&gt;&gt; It's going to change everyone's life on
a plane. V2 minis run around 96 Gbits a
second. The sky will be over a terabit.
So, we're about 10x. It's literally
magic.
&gt;&gt; There's a lot more out there than they
most people realize. There's no other
place in the world you can get this
close. And I was just done. If they're
going to make 10 million robots a year
from that battery, they're [music] going
to need a lot of batteries.
&gt;&gt; Orbit refilling is absolutely critical.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX launched 258 Starlink.
&gt;&gt; The biggest critical limiting factor is
energy. [music]
&gt;&gt; It's a big number.
&gt;&gt; So, this is sort of the end of the
beginning.
&gt;&gt; We're watching the Optimus Factory.
Share with us your thoughts on this
versus the construction of Giga Texas,
the auto factory. Are there [music]
times when you've flown over and you've
seen something that you know that you
shouldn't have seen?
&gt;&gt; Hey, Phil. How you doing?
&gt;&gt; I'm doing well, sir.
&gt;&gt; I can't believe it's been two weeks
again.
&gt;&gt; It's been two weeks, my friend.
&gt;&gt; We were celebrating Canada Day and now
here we are with that in the in the long
distant past.
&gt;&gt; Yes. I love how you focus on Was it Was
it physically Canada Day? The day of
&gt;&gt; the day the day we recorded I believe
was Canada Day. Yes.
&gt;&gt; It was really July 4th weekend.
We actually I think published a video
you know in between the two holidays the
4th of July and the first 1st of July
but
&gt;&gt; you know you celebrate where you can
&gt;&gt; you can yeah exactly
&gt;&gt; but I understand that you are on a
completely different side of the
country.
&gt;&gt; Yes I I am in New Jersey where I grew up
actually. Uh literally I can pretty much
see the ocean from this office
[laughter] right now. This is my
brother's office. was kind enough to let
me uh borrow it and uh if I look hard
enough I can see the ocean. So yeah.
&gt;&gt; Is it sunny where you are? I know it's
always sunny in space, but
&gt;&gt; there's always sunny in space. It is not
always sunny in New Jersey, but today it
is sunny. But apparently, speaking of
Canada, I think there's some wildfire in
Canada that's sending some smoke
&gt;&gt; smoke this way. So I fear that it's
going to get a little uglier. But uh I
was on the beach today.
Yep. Well, we're going to talk about
that in a second, but I just want to te
that we have a special guest joining us
in about 30 minutes.
&gt;&gt; We do.
&gt;&gt; Um, our guest is going to be live from
Starbase using Starlink.
&gt;&gt; It's pretty awesome.
&gt;&gt; And I'm not going to reveal who our
guest is, but most of our watchers will
will know of this person's work even if
they don't recognize him.
&gt;&gt; Yes, they will.
&gt;&gt; That'll be exciting to have have him
join us here in a minute. But
&gt;&gt; he's famous, right? [laughter]
He's he's very famous in my in my
opinion Tesla community. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh without his work, we would be blind.
&gt;&gt; We would be quite blind. Yes, indeed.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Got some family vacation photos from the
beach here. It looks like
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Look. And look who's in the
family. Um Starlink making is her. I
don't really know. No really asked. Um
Starlink Mini is on Cedar, New Jersey
Beach sitting there. Uh, honestly, it's
a little bit more for the photo short
shoot than the necessity of putting it
there. But, but you might notice not
only did I put it on a towel, but it was
a bit windy, so I anchored the back of
the towel with the requisite flip flops.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yes. Those those add a lot of weight
to to a towel. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. A lot of a lot of weight. And uh
it was a fairly nice day on the Jersey
Shore. Um, and I look forward to another
two weeks of this. But, uh, no,
seriously, I mean, it was pretty
extraordinary. I mean, here I hold this
thing on the plane, uh, in my little
backpack, set it up, plug it into that
awesome,
uh, portable battery, and I think I was
online in two minutes.
&gt;&gt; And by the way, take a look at the
numbers to the right. Uh, what does it
say? I can barely read it.
&gt;&gt; Megabits download and and 12.2 upload.
For those listening, it's it's purposely
biased towards download uh you know
because that's where most of most of the
data interchanges down. Um so they they
can actually tune that. It's uh they can
they can literally make it symmetric if
they wanted to. But um
&gt;&gt; it's not something though the user can
can adjust though, right?
&gt;&gt; What's that?
&gt;&gt; It's not something that the user can
adjust. If you had to upload a lot of
data, you couldn't.
&gt;&gt; No. No. What's extraordinary about this
is that, you know, here you are and now
look, we got clear sky on the beach. So,
this is not, you know, we're not driving
through some back roads with heavy tree
enclosure foliage or something like
that, which can affect signal. So,
obviously using it on a beach might be
close to the most ideal place.
&gt;&gt; But, I mean, isn't it extraordinary that
you can take this piece of tech, put it
there? This speech, you know, over the
years, I remember going to the speech.
I've been going to the speech since I
was eight years old. And I remember I
don't know in the mid 2000s showing up
there and barely having 3G and you know
I couldn't really be on the cell phone.
You know my my iPhone was quite
challenged. Here you are you know 200
200 megabits down pretty much like your
uh your favorite cable connection. Um so
what I did was um
&gt;&gt; I I basically set it up launched it. you
know what what happens is immediately
you you just go to your Wi-Fi
immediately you'll see the u you'll see
the the the Wi-Fi show up in my case it
says uh you know Phil's Starlink Mini
and then I use my app which we can talk
about a bit called net netp to to build
a measurement and you can see at the top
you know it it it actually recognizes
so so just a bit of background we we
went through this one time but the this
application is like a uh it's my little
dream app of building a network
measurement connectivity app and uh so
it's been my passion project to steep
myself and learn deeply AI like I want
to I want to be extremely knowledgeable
when I talk about the subject of AI with
respect to grock build or cursor etc etc
and this app was all built actually now
interestingly enough uh using grock
build to build a lot of the back end um
ironically the cursor model in there is
grock 4.5 anyway. So it's sort of like
I'm basically talking to the same thing.
So I actually I actually make gro
work on the server side and when it
wants to make a requirement for the the
client side I say write I say write the
requirement specification and I hand it
to cursor and it's better than what I
could spec because what it what it does
ironically not ironically obviously is
it goes it has access to the client
code. It goes and looks at the client
code and it says quite literally modify
this function to do the following three
things. So let's just say it's it's it's
it's quite a complete spec. But it's
&gt;&gt; quite easy for itself.
&gt;&gt; What's that? Yeah. Yeah. So what the
what the app does essentially is it it
it it is a connectivity and a uh you
know speed. It's like speed test but
it's got some cool fun features. and you
were uh kind enough to use it on your
recent road trip. Uh and and by the way,
everybody can download and try it at
that link there, net feed-app. Uh you
have to have an iPhone and you have to
know a little bit about TestFlight,
which is just Apple's uh beta app store.
You just download Test Flight and then
you just click the link and and you go.
What I'm trying to do here actually is
I'm trying to get the
trying to build a community, if you
will, of everyone that cataloges. Uh,
look, it's it's it's general purpose.
It's not really Starlink specific, but I
built a lot of Starlink cool features
because I'm a little bit obsessed with
Starlink. You'll find out in a couple
seconds.
Um so uh it recognizes for example when
you're on a flight using Starlink um
major carriers that are using it.
&gt;&gt; It'll u recognize whether you're on a
cruise ship uh railroad different
commercial what we call what I call
upstrings upstream Starlink. So that's
different than having your own Starlink
uh transceiver in your possession.
You're basically just using it as a
customer of another commercial service.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, it'll also detect Starlink direct
connect. If you look at the example
here, you can see that there's a
Starlink section up there and actually
will tell you specifically uh whether
it's aligned. It sort of repeats some of
the features out of the app. But then
you can see that it's looking at like
the the latency the the total throughput
late and and and speed through a button.
We we ran a speed test here and it
showed that, you know, it had a
marvelous 205 megabit down. So, so
basically you can run it, you run the
app in two modes with Starlink. You can
run it with any direct connect Starlink
whether you have one of the older
Starlink terminals, whether you have a
mini, whether you have a residential
terminal and and and the coming V5
version five of residential kit will
work out of the box as well. And then
conversely or or or additionally
uh I'm trying to catalog you know all
the flights
uh cruise ships everybody that's using
it in um in commercial setting. So so
please download it and by the way by
yourself if if if if re if having my
lovely app isn't reason enough go get
yourself a Starlink because it's pretty
darn cool. I mean,
&gt;&gt; well, maybe the there's my numbers right
now. Oh, that's that's getting that's
not gonna work.
&gt;&gt; Hard to see. That's 254 megabits down,
74 up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Sorry for the blurring there.
&gt;&gt; Pretty darn awesome.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Uh so, so I bring I brought
Starling to the beach and uh I don't
think anybody noticed. Uh but I'm sure
if they did, I would strike up a
conversation and bend their ear and then
they would never leave. And
so, but but I I do think it's possible
that I could be the world's best
Starlink salesman if they just gave me a
shot at it.
&gt;&gt; I think so. You should just walk up and
down the beach.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Say, "Hey, come over here. Come
over here. I've got something I I got
something I can sell you. I can sell you
an internet connection over here." You
know,
&gt;&gt; right? They wouldn't be expecting that.
&gt;&gt; So, that's Starlink on the Beach. Uh
little mini. And then uh this is
Starlink on United. So if you if you you
rolled the app out, open the app and did
a little speed test. Uh this is my
flight. So Starlink on United and you
can see that you know it it'll actually
recognize that it is United
specifically. It'll categorize it as
being United versus as you can see to
the right I'm starting to build
statistics of Hawaiian Airlines. There's
a there's an instance here of Southwest
Um, by the way, it does actually the app
does recognize other satellite providers
and I want to tell you the story how
pathetic they are. They're very
pathetic. Um, I've had the uh
displeasure of being subjected to uh
Viaat, Panasonic,
believe it or not, Panasonic is one of
United's current satellite internet
partners. by SAT I believe is the other
and uh
yeah so it'll actually recognize those
but you know what's really quite amazing
is the latency numbers are almost fixed
at
what I should say is you can't really
get a latency number below 400
milliseconds because guess what all
those services have one thing in common
they're they've got geosync satellites
running at
&gt;&gt; about 20,000 miles overhead.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; And even on a uh on a flight that's only
cutting five miles off that 20 20,000.
So it's not, you know, fairly
significant in terms of, you know, you
you know, you have to think about what
what happens here is for every time
you're making a request, you know, like
you go to your favorite web page, you
make a request, it's really four, it's
four distance. You got to go from your
requesting device, your iPhone, to a
satellite. Then you've got to come to a
ground station. Then you got to send the
request off to, you know, wherever,
whatever, apple.com, wherever, wherever.
And then it's got to come back and it's
got to round trip the other way. So
that, so it's it's basically 1 2 3 4.
&gt;&gt; And if you do the math, uh, and I have,
and we'll talk about that in a sec. Um,
you know, the speed of light is
something that we just don't really know
how to get around these days. and and so
it adds like a base give or take a base
latency of 400 milliseconds that you
can't break under. So what what does it
mean? It means that on uh irrespective
of irrespective of the bandwidth whether
you know that's poor and by the way it
is I mean the bandwidth will be pretty
pathetic as well. The latency will
prohibit on those types of situ we
really can't do this. I mean we can't
couldn't do a we couldn't do a video
conference very effectively even with a
good amount of bandwidth because we've
got significant delay that you cannot
overcome. Now with Starlink the
satellites are approximately 300 miles
overhead. Of course there's a lot of
them so they're not geocynchronous.
They're moving constantly. They're
moving at like
&gt;&gt; something ridiculous like 7 kilometers a
second overhead. So, the transceiver is
the Starlink transceiver, whether it's
on your United plane or whether it's on
your uh your favorite beach, is
constantly beam forming and finding the
most appropriate satellite and then
swapping to the next satellite, much
like you would find a cell phone
switching cell towers, except it's much
more aggressive. And in this case, the
cell towers are fixed positionally.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But these things are moving. And by the
way, you can be moving, too. So, in
other words, you could put Starlink and
and I have in my car. I'd love to have
people run my app with Starlink in their
car as well, and I've done that. And,
you know, with little suction cups on
the Model 3 on my ceiling on the window,
&gt;&gt; works great. Now, you got two things
moving. Now, I'm moving rather slowly
relative to the satellites overhead,
&gt;&gt; but um but there's a lot of dynamics
involved. And so, it's it's quite the
magic act. And so the app will recogni
the app will recognize in this case uh
immediately it will recognize whether or
not it's got Starlink and again in two
configurations either direct connected
uh like the previous slide or in this
case uh as an upstream partner as
upstream you know upstream of the
connection. So, what's what's in front
of this connection is is united wifi.com
or whatever the the Wi-Fi is, but but uh
it can't hide. It knows it can tell the
app can tell whether Starlink is sitting
behind it, which is very very cool. So,
so you get like with Starlink, I mean,
we all know what this is going to give
us. And by the way, it is such a you
know, I mean, it's going to change
everyone's life on a plane. I mean, once
it gets fully rolled out, like I think
&gt;&gt; uh I don't know. I'd be desperate to
want to be on a Starlink plane versus a
non-S Starlink plane. So, um, and and
and what's what's interesting is I was
thinking about like United's being very
aggressive. Thank Thank you, United. And
a bunch of other airlines are joining
the party and and we have instances here
where I'm starting to catalog Hawaiian
and um some Southwest and uh Alaska,
Hawaiian, I think they're the same. Um,
and then a bunch of other airlines. uh
are are are showing up to the party as
well. But here's the interesting thing.
You know, I was thinking about if you
think about the company behind this,
SpaceX, uh between June 15th and July
15th, SpaceX launched uh 258 Starlink B2
mini satellites into low Earth orbit.
That means
&gt;&gt; in one month
&gt;&gt; in one month 258 satellites. I think uh
it's roughly 23 to 20. I don't know why
it varies, but 23 24 satellites per
mission. So, somebody could do the math
here and just I think it's about, you
know, 10 uh Did I do it wrong? Wait,
what is what is that? Two be
&gt;&gt; more than 10 launches, maybe 12
something like that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, 12, you know, I mean,
it's just like um it's not it's not even
extraordinary anymore, right? It's
almost like, you know,
&gt;&gt; it's one every couple of days, I guess.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think most of them are
Vandenberg launches, but I'm not out in
California. I I nodded like it was, but
I'm on the East Coast, so
&gt;&gt; I'm actually closer to
&gt;&gt; the other way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I need to nod the other way. But
um but uh so this brings up the topic of
you know, I want to talk a little bit
about uh Starlink. There's an article I
wrote. I think it was it say November 24
and it's in my article list on X. Uh I
encourage everyone to read it. It is it
is it is fun to read because uh it is an
article where uh you know I I literally
to myself I wrote Starlink is
mind-blowing because I I was like how
does this work you know and I I wrote
the article to teach myself how it
worked uh just like I wrote the app to
teach myself how AI works or this AI. Uh
but uh it's it's it's a very incredible
technology and uh both it's incredible
at the satellite level what the
satellites are doing and it's incredible
at the transceiver level. I mean a lot
of people probably think if they never
saw it or you just saw somebody on a
street they probably think that somehow
you know if you told them it was
tracking satellites you would think you
know someone thinks the dish has got
some mechanical there's no mechanical
stuff at all. It's just electromagnetic
beam forming. So, you do want to
position the uh the dish. I don't know.
Is it a dish? It's not really a dish.
It's not round. Uh you do want to
position the transceiver in the optimal
positional state uh relative to the sky,
which the app or my app or actually the
Starlink app has an alignment feature.
You just move the thing and it tells you
whether it's a line. The app will do it
as well. But after that, you know,
there's nothing moving. There's nothing
moving at all. um except a lot of
satellites and a lot of beams. And so
they've they can take these behind one
of those nice little panels. I think
there's I don't know I'm going to make
up a number here, but about a thousand
little micro antennas in a grid and if
you rip the top off, you'd see them. And
then each of them can uh kind of bend
their beam towards the satellite. So
what they have to do much like
sort of like GPS GPS is a receive only
technology obviously um but they they
have to kind of know where the
satellites are in a cold boot you know
you boot the thing up it's sort of like
well uh the transceiver has GPS so it'll
say okay I'm here it has an almanac so
it says okay what should I what should I
be looking for satellite 67 68 69 and 70
should be coming over you know at this
azmouth whatever and uh and then it
attempts to get one and once it pins on
one then it's golden because now it can
aggressively move to the next one and it
knows what the series are as it as it
rotates across them and that's all
transparent you know you're moving from
one satellite to the next I think
anywhere from 15 seconds to four minutes
maximum
&gt;&gt; and um and boom you get this incredible
incredible
uh seamless experience with very very
low latency what I call gamer latency or
video conference latency where the
latencies are so low that we can still
do these things like video conferences
or doing real-time firstperson or
multi-game shootering application uh uh
games and uh I mean things like
obviously watching something that's
streaming like Netflix that's not really
a challenge because you don't really
care when it starts you know but for a
game where you and I are both playing
against each other it needs to be live
and dynamic and and Starlink allows that
to happen it's it's literally magic Um
and then I wanted to talk a little bit
about what's going to happen tomorrow.
You know, tomorrow if all goes well, um
SpaceX will will launch Starship 13. And
what's super special about it is they
will take
uh they will attempt to push 20 real
functioning Starlink satellites into
orbit. And what's remarkable about this
is if we all watched if you watched
Starship
12 do its job, it launched I think 22
satellites, 20 of which were fake, you
know, just sort of like uh weight
equivalent. I think they de-orbited very
quickly. They had no propulsion system.
Then they launched two other satellites
that had uh some pieces of this uh V3
including the propulsion system they
were testing and a few other piece parts
that you know I don't really know. I
think they've kept that mostly quiet. Um
&gt;&gt; and uh and those things were you know I
think let's just say they they orbited
for a few days. They were not meant to
to stay there. But tomorrow if all goes
well they will have launched 20. And how
big is 20? Well, these are Starlink V3
satellites. Okay. And the previous
satellite that that 258 that launched, I
mentioned like that was the number
um that those were those are V2 minis.
Uh and so this one launch has that full
capacity. So in other words, if we
launch
&gt;&gt; 23 V3s is the same as about 260 V2s.
Yeah, roughly.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; So, it's it's it's um
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. So, a V3
satellite and and the thing that's
interesting about V3 satellites is they
can't be put on Falcon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; They're literally too big to sit fit in
the fairing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, one of the reasons you ask, well,
why hasn't sat, you know, why haven't
they been pushing these V3 satellites in
orbit? Well, they don't fit. They don't
fit on a Falcon 9.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And by the way, that means they
don't fit on a Falcon 9 heavy either
because that's only about propulsion,
not payload, right? I mean about the
weight of the payload, but not the the
size of the payload, the physical
dimensionality of it. So So here they
get a chance to to launch using that
magical PEZ dispenser that that that
we're familiar with from the last launch
and I think a previous launch uh to
launch 20 fully functioning
uh V3, the first ever. And what's cool
about this is I mean we're talking about
you know massive change in um total down
link capability across it instead of
like I think V2 run V2 minis run around
96 gigabits a second uh this guy will be
over a terabit you know so we're talking
we're basically you know typical Musk
fashion everything moves in moves in
orders of magnitude right so we're about
10x
&gt;&gt; uh downlink bandwidth I think about 25x
the uplink bandwidth on these things.
And by the way, after all said and done,
I'm not certain, but this is the
satellite at least uh tech stack that
will support
uh mobile communications as well. In
other words, direct to cell uh and not
suggesting that these I don't know if
these 20 specific ones they launch
tomorrow have that capability but that's
the platform which they will do that
that with so
&gt;&gt; this is the same platform too that then
that the orbital data centers
essentially will be
&gt;&gt; right they have to fit within the PEZ
dispenser from the starship has to be a
similar size
&gt;&gt; in terms of the satellite coming out
&gt;&gt; I don't have the research in my finger
your tips on that. But the orbital data
center, I think they call them A1's.
Elons call them A1's, I believe. I
believe they're bigger physically than
one of these V3s. Um, I know that they
have u a wider solar array for more
power. I mean, they're basically a power
burning machine, right? As with this
guy, these V3 satellites are all about
calm, you know, communications, right?
So they're not trying to compute the
other ones are basically just compute
workh horses. Now they do share a lot in
common in terms of the manufacturability
etc etc and uh another thing that of
course they I mean they share the the
power collection side same tech you know
terms of solar same radiative technology
I mean I think they're upgrading this
quite significantly
uh and of course the other ones will
basically be holding GPUs uh I think in
the first instance is some Nvidia but
then they'll move to the the the D3
three.
So,
&gt;&gt; well, how about we find out exactly
what's going on?
&gt;&gt; Let's do that.
&gt;&gt; We have our man in the field. Now, if
you don't recognize him, uh you should
if you're in the Tesla community, but if
you don't recognize them, uh this is the
reason that we know so much about what
Tesla is doing and also SpaceX now as
well. Uh so, Joe Techmire is joining us
live from the field here in just a
minute. Uh follow Joe on X and
definitely follow him on YouTube. Uh his
videos have been absolutely amazing. Uh
continue to be. Um I think he's uh at
this point probably made uh well it says
a thousand videos here on YouTube. I'm
sure it's a lot more than that. Joe to
the stage here.
&gt;&gt; Hi. How you guys doing?
&gt;&gt; Good.
&gt;&gt; Well, I just
&gt;&gt; I see you've got a a part of a rocket
behind you there.
&gt;&gt; Just part of it. That's sort of the uh
story right now is you know we're here
at Starbase expecting a launch tomorrow
and the ship's nowhere to be found. They
just changed the rollout time to 6 pm
tonight to 10 p.m. So, a few hours delay
and we'll see how they're going to do.
&gt;&gt; Ship is nowhere to be found.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, it's over in Mega Bay 2
right now. They've been loading up some
of the Starlinks. These are actual
Starlinks V3s. There's 20 of them. Six
of them have got cameras and sensors and
thrusters. Um, and they're going to
deploy them even though it's on a
suborbital trajectory, which means that
they've got about 30 minutes to check
them out, see if the solar panels, the
antennas, everything looks good, use
those satellites to try to image the
Starship, and then we'll watch it go
right back into the atmosphere.
&gt;&gt; The six you said, right?
&gt;&gt; There's uh, yeah, 20 total, 14 of them
are just regular Starlinks, and then six
of them have uh, uh, cameras and stuff
on there. This is uh an upgrade from
what they had on flight 12. On flight
12, they had dummy satellites and they
had two. They had sort of the uh images
on there, the the video. That's what we
saw it kind of coming out of the PEZ
dispenser and then moving away from the
ship. And I think that uh SpaceX wants
to get a little bit more of that. And uh
while they're out there, I think they're
going to run a roll the ship around so
they get really good imaging of all of
this the the the heat shields on both
the windward and the leeward side
because they are doing a bunch of tests
with the heat shields and of course the
the booster itself. There's actually a
story I don't know if people have been
uh watching it too much. I I talked
about this with Ellie in space
yesterday, but one of the reasons why
they are putting uh the so many tiles on
the uh the leeward side with sensors is
because they're expecting to have higher
loads on launch. And the reason why that
is the case is that uh for this launch,
SpaceX is going to try to push the
envelope a little bit more for the
booster. So higher thrust, so a better
thrust to weight ratio. They're going to
try to minimize more of the gravity
losses, which is important for
maximizing payload in space. So, this is
s kind of the last of the prototype pure
prototype launches with an eye towards
going more operational. So, the launch
is going to be kind of interesting to be
watching. And of course, they're going
to want to image the uh heat shields
once they get into orbit to see what
happened during the launch.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Wow. Pretty pretty amazing. So,
what what do you think? Do you think
it's going to happen tomorrow?
&gt;&gt; Uh, well, they are still, as far as I
know, pressing as hard as they can. Um,
you know, another thing to keep in mind
is that they want to start shrinking the
time between launches if they can. Even
though this is a prototype, they are
really starting to look at that calendar
and the clock knowing that they have a
lot of big milestones coming up, but
particularly next year. uh the Aremis
program starts really relying on the
Starship and uh you know with the uh LEO
or the low Earth orbit demonstration
with the Aremis 3 crew, they're going to
want to try to see if they can do some
rendevous uh with the Starship also with
the Blue Origin lander as well. So
there's a lot of pressure on both SpaceX
and Blue Origin right now to try to
accelerate their launch cadence. So we
might be seeing a little bit of that
right now because you know just a week
ago they did the full 33 engine static
fire 25 second uh duration which was
really important not only to uh make
sure that they've got the Raptor 3s and
the engines uh uh sorted out from what
they saw with flight 12. But stage zero
behind me is also very important and
they have a new water deluge system,
flame diverter uh system and they needed
to really test that out and you know the
the rocket's not going to be sitting on
the pad for 24 25 seconds. So by doing
that they really stress the uh
capabilities of stage zero to be able to
sustain a higher uh tempo. So that and
then rolling the ship out later that's
all going to be part of increasing that
tempo. So, I think that's what we're
seeing. Of course, there's more uh
cryogenics being brought in. You just
saw behind me. So, they're getting all
that ready to go for tomorrow as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The the the cycle time between
flights is really an extraordinary story
all by itself.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What?
&gt;&gt; Sorry about the trucks going by. That
this is sort of like Giga Texas. It's
like a construction zone and a
production zone all at the same time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But yeah, so yeah, so what they want to
do is they after this flight, assuming
everything goes well, they want to start
bringing that cadence down to about one
a month and we'll see how that goes for
the rest of the year. Uh they also have
Kennedy Space Center coming online with
pad 39A. So how they're going to split
operations between the two is something
that we're going to have to be watching
for the rest of the year as well. I
&gt;&gt; think I've been wrong about this in the
past. How do they get Starship
to Kennedy? That's a good question.
Obviously something that people have
been wondering for a long time. The
answer is that they're going to be using
a drone ship that's been converted or at
least a ship that's been converted to a
transport. It actually has a cover on it
now. And they have developed a system
called breakover. So they have these
devices that allow the booster and the
ship to uh pivot to horizontal. They're
going to be held that way and then
transported onto the ships over to the
turn basin out at Kennedy Space Center.
And then once they get there, they will
be uh uprighted again. And then they'll
be using the same system they use here,
which is uh you know the the ring stands
and the uh the SPMTS to move it. So it's
something that they haven't done before.
So that's another thing that we're going
to have to watch is how does that
operation work? How does the breakover
work? How do they uh handle that trip
horizontal, which is something that uh
we have not seen before. So, a lot to
happen to make uh Kennedy Space Center
work. And and that's all just sort of a
a temporary program until they get the
Giga Bay and the Star Factory out at
Kennedy Space Center up and running. And
that's uh the Gigab Bay is going to be
probably towards the end of this year.
The Star Factory is going to be a little
bit longer. So, we're probably going to
see the production of the boosters and
the ships here for quite some time.
&gt;&gt; Well, it should be interesting watching
that happen for sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well, if uh Gwen Shotwell
was on record about a month ago talking
about flight 15 might be out of Kennedy
Space Center. If that's the case, and if
they do every two to three months, then
we need to start seeing a booster and a
ship getting uh ready to be transported.
And if they do that, uh it's probably
going to be maybe ship 42 and booster
22, but we'll have to see if that uh
that materializes.
&gt;&gt; What do you know what the numbers of
this configuration are for 13? Yeah, the
ship right now is uh 40. Sorry about the
uh you'll see the Cybert truck coming
back behind me right now, too.
But the ship is ship 40 and the booster
is ship 20. Booster 20. So, we're now
out of the 30s and the teens for the
ships and the boosters.
&gt;&gt; When did you start going to Starbase?
&gt;&gt; Um
about uh a little more than five years
ago. Um, obviously I started with Giga
Texas a little bit earlier, but then
I've been coming out to Starbase since
then. And, uh, I've been for every
single launch of the, uh, Starship. Uh,
I most of the time live stream with
Ellie in space. And, uh, for for people
that may not know, my actual background
is space. So, uh, this is what I studied
and this is what I wanted to do.
&gt;&gt; Just to touch on that a little bit, Joe,
so you are a retired US Air Force pilot.
Uh you are FAA licensed remote drone
pilot. You're a certified flight
instructor.
Uh and of course you're most well known
now for your for your YouTube content,
but how did you how did you get into
this in the first place in terms of
starting starting at Giga Texas back in
2020?
&gt;&gt; Well, um you know, my whole background
was I wanted to be an astronaut. So I
studied astronomical and aeronautical
engineering and all that. So I've been
very into the tech field for a long
time. Um, one of the things that I kind
of thought about way back even before
GPS, so that tells you how old I am, but
I was thinking, you know, how could you
make cars drive themselves? What would
you do? How would you approach that? And
uh, I was thinking, you know, maybe some
sort of distributed computer system
where one part of it kind of thought
about the route, another looked at the
road or whatever, but I didn't really
know how that would work out. And then
fast forward several decades, my mom
started to lose her ability to drive.
And I started thinking it'd be really
cool if uh he and a lot of other people
could have cars that could drive her
around. And uh I realized at that time
there were kind of two big categories
that you had to solve. One is the
technology and the vehicles. They needed
to exist. And the second part was
familiarity with the technology and
trusting it and and understanding how is
it working. And my mom really struggled
with both. We didn't have the technology
and she wasn't really great with
technology. So I kind of thought about
flying muscle memory repetition and
getting into patterns. And so I wanted
to get into Tesla since I heard that
they were working on autonomy and I
wanted to experience that for myself. So
you know from early on with full
self-driving I was also doing full
self-driving tests and uh seeing how it
was developing. So, uh, along that whole
process, I got a chance to see that they
were building Giga Texas. So, I thought
I could, uh, bring something to the
table and fly a drone and kind of give
some information. So, that's how I got
here.
&gt;&gt; How did the drone pilots get access or
approval to fly over Giga Texas?
&gt;&gt; Exactly my question.
&gt;&gt; Now, how did we do it originally or how
do we do it now?
&gt;&gt; No, in terms of getting approval from
the company to do it, I guess it was
something that Elon had to approve.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So originally there was a group of
us. There was four of us. We called
ourselves the quad squad. So uh at that
time Giga Texas was pretty much dirt.
And anytime that they did anything it
was pretty easy to visually see what was
going on. So it supported having four of
us. But pretty quickly we kind of ran
into a issue with the uh contracted
security that was on site not knowing if
we could do this or not. So, uh, two of
us, Jeff Roberts and myself, kind of
appealed to Elon on Twitter at the time
and he actually responded back and he
gave us permission. And from that point
on, we kind of met with the security and
we met with Tesla and at that time the
contractors were also flying drones. So
we kind of came up with u kind of take a
page out of my flying background an
airtasking order or uh you know an
airspace plan for Giga Texas and a
coordination plan so that we deconlicted
times locations and altitudes with all
of us so that we didn't interfere with
the primary mission which was building
Giga Texas.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Interesting. And and how is that
how does that look today? Are you the uh
only one that's flying there now? 99% of
the time it's pretty much me. There's
every once in a while a couple other
people show up. Um over the the last uh
next week has been six years. Can you
believe it? Of me doing Giga Texas. But
uh over six years there's been a few
that have come on and flown for a while
and then they stopped. Uh there's one
that I think is flying periodically
right now, but uh I'm the only one
that's actually authorized to fly with
Tesla and uh we have we have an
agreement. Uh we also have a uh a
relatively new flight approval program
and I'm kind of uh the test pilot for
that. So uh every flight I get approval
not only from the FAA for the airspace
around Giga Texas, but Tesla also
approves every flight. I just uh
finished up flying at the lithium
factory on the way down here and I got
approval for flying over the lithium
factory as well.
&gt;&gt; I see. So you you seek preapproval.
Is there any post
audit of your material or good to go?
&gt;&gt; Um we have a pretty good way of
communicating with each other. So if uh
if they don't want me to see something,
they'll ask me not to cover an area or
the flip side is they've actually asked
me specifically to cover certain areas.
Um uh because maybe there what like for
example one time they were having
problems with a contractor that was
providing uh uh construction lighting
and there was areas of the site that was
too dark. So they wanted to be able to
show that. So they had me fly early in
the morning and concentrate on that area
and they were able to resolve their
lighting issues. Um flip side is when
they were doing Cybert truck uh final
crash testing before the delivery event
back in um November 23 during that
summer, they kind of asked me to avoid
the crash testing facility because they
wanted to make sure that they didn't
have any issues with Nitsa. So I uh
honored that as well. So we have kind of
a give and take. Uh but uh but they give
me a lot of latitude and I kind of I I
know what they they allow me to do and I
know what they trust me to do. So I try
to stay within those uh bounds.
&gt;&gt; Are there times when you've when you've
flown over and you've seen something
that you know that you shouldn't have
seen?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah. And there's been a few times
where um I have been politely asked to
remove something that I've published,
but it's very rare. And uh I think I've
got a pretty good feel for what what
they really are concerned with. So I try
to, you know, I try to give the best
picture that I possibly can to
everybody, but I also want to honor this
really special relationship that u I
have with Tesla. It's it's it's very
unique. Um you know, here I am out with
SpaceX, a different company, but I wish
I could fly drones, but uh they're
completely different rules out here. So
I'm pretty much grounded when I'm out
here. Oh, interesting.
Maybe they should com maybe they should
combine these companies or something.
&gt;&gt; They could. Yeah, that might uh might be
good. But, uh, you know, uh, an area
where where the cross is actually
happening right now, believe it or not,
is out at Bassrop because Bassrop's got
a bunch of different companies there.
You have the Boring Company, you have
SpaceX, you have what was XAIX. Um, all
within a concentrated area and that that
location is growing tremendously. There
is a um it's almost like another
Gigafactory that's being built out there
and that's not really an exaggeration
when you look at the footprint of the
factories and the buildings that they're
putting out out there, but it's a
crossroads because the Boring Company
has invited me to be out there to fly,
but SpaceX has asked me not to. So, uh
because I don't know if it's it's
probably not ITAR, it's just, you know,
SpaceX is doing a lot of high-tech
stuff. Starlinks, which what I'm using
right now, and other things. It's all
being built out there, plus the AI data
center satellites are going to be built
out there, plus the solar panels for
them. So, uh I can kind of understand
that. I'm uh trying to work through the
correct legal challenge, uh channels so
that I could fly out there, but so far,
no. So, I uh I get a lot of people ask,
why don't you fly at Bassrop? And that's
the reason why is that it's a mix of
different companies with different
rules. It would be great to see some
footage of those factories being built.
For sure.
&gt;&gt; I would love to.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, we we desire it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But, you know, one of the things
I've been
&gt;&gt; Oh, go ahead.
&gt;&gt; I was going to say, can you tell us a
little bit about the drone you're flying
today? How that tech has changed since
you started?
&gt;&gt; Okay. Um, yeah. You know, I used to
mention to people that uh if I had any
of the drones that I've used over the
last six years at Giga Texas or anywhere
else, uh if I had had them early on in
my Air Force career, they would have
been million-dollar top secret drones
because the quality of the video, the
the photos, the performance, and just
how it it flies is uh really remarkable.
Um, I do use DJI uh drones uh mostly
because up until well up until now they
really are the best. They they provide a
lot of that uh that capability, the
performance and really high quality
videos. The what you're seeing here is a
video that I just shot uh I think it was
yesterday and uh I have an optical zoom
on there that uh uh just a second. Sorry
about the truck, but I have a 70
millimeter optical zoom on there that
gives you crystal clear without uh any
compression zoom and it's just the
quality is just tremendous. Um, so what
I'm flying predominantly now is what
they call a DJI Air3. It's actually
maybe two years old, but uh the quality
is just uh amazing and uh uh like I
said, the performance is great. I can uh
on a on a good day without too cold or
too hot and not too wet wind, I can fly
about 45 minutes on a charge. So, it
really helps in a large area like Giga
Texas.
&gt;&gt; And I suppose you could just call it
back home to you and then swap a
battery.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I actually manual fly manually
fly everything. So, I don't use
waypoints. I don't use automatic flying.
And that's because there's always new
target of opportunities out there and I
never know what they're going to be.
But, uh, I pretty much kind of know
where the drone is, where the battery
power is, and I got some rules of thumb.
One of which is I fly farthest away with
the highest battery power, and I work my
way back. And I try to get to a point
where I can make a uh kind of a logical
stopping point. And then I come back,
swap the batteries, and I go back and I
restart where I was to try to keep it as
seamless as possible.
&gt;&gt; Have you ever lost the drone? I have
not. Uh, everybody else has one way or
the other. Uh, some people have landed
it onto Giga Texas itself. Some people
uh, had it go down south past the
Colorado River and crashed near the, uh,
power plant. Others have lost them out
in the field. But, uh, I have not, knock
on wood. And I think part of it is just
um you know I I'm I used to be a pilot
so I know what it's like to be in the
plane and watching your fuel and
watching the winds and having you know
your your minimum safe altitudes your
escape avenues and I I employ that when
I fly the drone. So um you know if the
conditions start getting worse I'm much
more conservative than I would be
otherwise. So you know there's just a
lot of that.
&gt;&gt; What does the FAA require of you? What
does the certification to fly look like?
What's that mean?
&gt;&gt; It's a part of it's called a part 107
and it's part of the FAA's the federal
aviation uh uh regulations and uh it
gives you a uh you get a card a
certificate. So I have a certificate of
un unair let's say unmanned aerial UAS
uh can't remember the name off the top
of my head but I have a certificate for
that. It authorizes me to fly um and use
the FAA airspace. So, I'm able to
interact with the FAA airspace and and
request uh certain areas, service areas,
altitudes, times, dates, and all that.
And that's what I do for every single
flight for Giga Texas, for example. And
of course, I can use that to look all
the way across the country. And I know,
for example, here there's three
different TFRs, temporary flight
restrictions. uh they vary based on
whether or not it's a a launch day or
just a regular day, but it pretty much
covers this entire area. Massie is where
they do the uh testing here at the
orbital launch site and over by the uh
production area and it kind of extends
out in a radius of about 2.5 miles or 5
miles in diameter and it's pretty much
exclusive from the surface all the way
up. So, um at least up to 10,500 ft. Uh
with a drone generally I can only fly
about to five to 400 feet AGL uh unless
I get specific requirements or approval
for that. Um but right now the only
people authorized to fly out here is
SpaceX with their drone team. And uh
shout out to them. They've been doing a
lot of great work getting a lot more
cinematic and a lot better views uh over
the last couple of years.
&gt;&gt; I see.
&gt;&gt; Do you see their drones when you're
there?
&gt;&gt; Oh, constantly. Yeah, they have a
variety of different kinds. Uh, theirs
tend to be a little bit bigger than
mine, a little bit more powerful, uh,
better quality of the camera, uh,
because that's what they want to do is
they want to provide, uh, you know, that
good media, uh, you know, view of what's
going on. But they also use drones
similar to mine when they're doing
inspections, like when they're doing the
full stack, you'll see the drones up
watching to see how the uh, ship and the
booster are coming together and how the
clamps are working. Uh, so you'll see
them all the time. And they also use
some to kind of scout around and make
sure there's nobody out into the
exclusion exclusionary areas. Um, which
uh a little bit of a plug. I've been
saying if you ever think about coming to
Starbase, come as soon as you you can
because this area is getting more and
more restrictive. And uh last flight,
just before the flight, all the area
behind here was put off limits. It used
to be you could walk out all the way in
the mud flaps behind and and get great
views of the opposite side uh from where
I'm at and you can no longer do that.
So, they use the drones to go out and uh
scout that area and make sure that
there's nobody in that location.
&gt;&gt; Interesting. You know, I was watching
the video what they uh they sent out the
other day and they were showing a
segment where they were showing the uh
you know the the so-called landing site
in the
Indian Ocean, I believe uh they showed
the buoys, but they also talked a bit
about the drones. Do you know much about
what they do in that drum program
&gt;&gt; as far as what their purpose is or how
do they fly them? Um,
&gt;&gt; I'm curious like what what products
they're using, what drones they might be
using, and what and what their desired
plan of operation is. What are they
trying to do exactly?
&gt;&gt; As far as the brand, I can't say for
sure, but pretty much all the ones that
are flying out here are DJIs that I can
see. So, I'm going to presume that
they're using the same ones out there.
They also use 360 cameras that are on
kind of a staff on the the uh the rafts
themselves. And they also use Starlink
minis. so that they can get the uh
signal back, which is pretty cool. Um,
the reason why they're doing that is it
it's a great way for them to get high
quality visuals of how the ship is
performing through the last parts of the
uh re-entry, the flip and burn and the
land. They are also last flight they uh
uh they used it to try to get uh 3D
imagery of the entire uh ship and also
to get really good high quality views of
the heat shields. So, in addition to the
the Dodger dog uh satellites that they
had last time to try to get some videos,
uh they also used the drones so that
they could compare what happened after a
sent in space and then what happened
after re-entry to the flip and burn. So,
they get a lot of data that way on what
the the situation is with the tiles. Uh
the tiles are possibly the last well
there's a lot of big challenges ahead of
them but the tiles is probably one of
the last major engineering challenges
that they really need to solve. So
they're really uh interested in getting
as much data on how they uh look as as
as possible. Um the last the last reason
why they're out there is recovery ops.
So they might be able to recover some
parts of the ship. Maybe they can
recover some components like the COPVs
or maybe tiles or maybe some parts of
the the metal and then of course they
want to make sure it syncs so that it
doesn't affect the uh shipping lanes.
&gt;&gt; What's your guess? Maybe they've got
three drones up at once or something
like that. What's your guess of number?
&gt;&gt; Uh I wouldn't be surprised if maybe a
half a dozen or so. Um I mean why not?
You get different altitudes, different
locations and and you know perspective
all the way around it. So, it's, you
know, one person per drone is not that
hard. And if they just have people
sitting on the boat, and I've seen a lot
more than just uh one or two people.
I've seen a whole crew. So, you know,
that may be a good segue. Is the crew
that flies the drones out here, they're
not just drone pilots. They actually
work in various other fields or other
things here at at SpaceX. So, it's kind
of like their their hobby job that they
are are having them do the drone in
addition to their primary job. So, I
would imagine that out at the ships in
the recovery zone, it'll be very
similar.
&gt;&gt; Hey, uh tell us about the story with
your initials. I forget what's at the
top of that little flag pole.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
yeah. Um what they they did is uh for a
long time there were no flag poles or
anything at Giga Texas. So I was kind of
bugging them for a long time. I'm like
you got to have something. So at one
point u there was a discussion and
basically I said hey if you're going to
do flag poles you got to go big. If
you've ever driven around Texas you see
all these like car dealers and stuff
have these gigantic flags and I'm like
you got to at least match that. So they
decided to do that. So, they got three
large flag poles and uh I saw that, you
know, when they were arriving and I kind
of documented how they were putting
being put up and stuff. And uh after
they were they were vertical and they
were getting ready to put the I don't
know what you call them, the balls on
the top of the flag poles, uh I got a
call asking if I was flying the next day
and I said, "Yes." And they said, "Well,
you got to go look at the flag poles."
And I'm like, "Okay, what am I looking
for?" And they go, "You'll know." And
I'm like, "Okay, am I looking at the
bottom or the top or what?" And they
said, "Just look at the top." So I uh up
until this point, they have done uh
Easter eggs all over the place. They've
set things out for me, whatever. So it
wasn't completely unusual. So I was just
looking for something. But what they did
is they they put um if you buy a Tesla,
when you complete the deal, you get the
hedgehog and it says, "Aha, yes." Well,
they used the hedgehog and they put it
up on top of the flag pole. And when I I
saw that, I could tell it was the
hedgehog, but I was the the screen I was
using wasn't as good as I wanted. I
guess it was bright or whatever. So, I
just assumed it was aha. Yes. So, I got
video of it and pictures and stuff. And
when I landed, I I exported the files
onto my bigger computer. And when I I
saw that, I realized it said Hi, Joe on
it. And I was just stunned. Uh what a
what an honor that that they would do
that.
&gt;&gt; I think that is awesome. Like awesome.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What other company does that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I mean it's that as I said um
I always find that there's something
amazing about serious companies who
don't take themselves too seriously. You
know what I mean?
&gt;&gt; Right. Exactly. And I'm not the only
one. I mean Sandy Maro, they put Hi
Sandy on one of the circuit boards.
&gt;&gt; Uh Yep. Yep. That's right. What what are
some of the some of the other Easter
eggs that you found over the years, Joe?
&gt;&gt; Um, well, I mean, they they put out um
bodies of cars in a in a weird spot
where they really wouldn't need to be.
Like early on, uh there was some Model Y
bodies, call them body and whites, just
sort of sitting on the uh west side of
the factory. It's like why? And uh they
had a Cyber Truck doing actually a
commercial up and they uh actually right
now where the Cyber Cab uh production
line is, but at that time the factory
was all open and you could just see it
there. Just I don't know little things
like that. They uh they made a giant
Texas flag with Model Y's red, white,
and blue on top of the parking garage.
And I mean you can't see that unless you
have a drone. So I mean it's stuff like
that.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. And by the way, uh well
along that line, a sort of missed
opportunity, I was recently up at Idaho
National Labs for a different company
called Alo Atomics. And they, uh, they
were doing some great things with their
new nuclear reactor. And the reason why
I say that is one of the people that
works there, actually a lot of the
people that work there are former Tesla
and former SpaceX. And one of them, uh,
Michael So was the, uh, lead of the
cyber cab production process. And he
recently left Tesla to go work for Alo.
But he told me that one day that they
had a Easter egg for cyber cabs for me,
but I didn't fly that particular day and
they were a little bit bummed out. So I
don't even know what they had set out,
but it would have been fun.
&gt;&gt; So you don't know.
&gt;&gt; You probably missed more than you've
seen, right?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's hard. I mean, the site is
enormous and uh you know, it's it is
really a challenge to try to get a a
quality
summary view over a couple hours of
flying every other day and and and I
catch a lot, but there's a lot I can't
catch.
&gt;&gt; So, we're watching a video now of the
Optimus Factory. Um share with us, you
know, your thoughts on this versus the
construction of Giga Texas, the the auto
facetry. Um, is this the same
construction process? Are they doing
things differently, better, faster this
time around?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I mean, generally speaking,
it's the same kind of thing. It's a
steel, predominantly a steel structure
that uses concrete footings. They have a
variety of different kinds of footings.
They either have low ones, they have
short or tall pedestal ones, uh, and
then they support them with geop. Um,
and on the south end where you can see
at the top of the screen here, you know,
where the old sand and gravel mine
operation used to be, they've have to
reclaim this entire area. That is what
all of what Giga Texas looked like when
it began. So, they had to spend six or
seven months just getting the land
prepared. What this site is is it's sort
of half and half. Where they're building
the structure right now, it was just a
flat piece of land. It had never had any
of the sand and gravel mining on it. Uh,
in fact, in this picture, you can see
what I call Lone Tree Field. There's
another one similar to that at the top
of the screen. And I always knew that
this would be a great place to build
something. Uh, but what it was going to
be, I don't know. Uh, I didn't know. U,
but I did see them doing a lot of soil
sample drilling for testing uh the
strength of the soil throughout that
area for the last uh several years. So,
uh, they've been preparing this at least
for some sort of construction for a long
time. Um, but as far as comparing the
two, besides the similarities, the
biggest difference that I see is that uh
they they're they're erecting it faster
in the sense that uh the beams and the
columns and the slats for the floors are
going up about the same, but they're
already putting floor decking in.
They've already got the structure of the
roof in, and that took them a little bit
longer for a giga Texas. Uh they also
have uh I think it it was six now they
have seven cranes that are working three
on the north four on the south and
they're just building it from the center
out which is kind of similar to what
Giga Texas did and that the very first
steel structure was the paint shop and
it was a fourpost structure I called the
gazebo and same thing they started in
the middle and then they worked their
way out. The other thing that I'm
expecting is um with Giga Texas is they
built the minimum essential parts that
they needed to get the Model Y
production going. Uh so and then they
also concentrated on the longest lead
time for construction items like the
stamping pit, the the uh casting and the
paint shop. So those were the very first
things that they started concentrating
on. This one they're concentrating right
in the middle of the building and it
also is right over where they have the
deepest uh excavation and the the
biggest of the uh footings. So something
something substantial is going in this
part of the building and that's why they
decided to start there. And then you
know uh the I guess the other thing is
taking advantage of the land is on the
the north side that empty field uh they
didn't have to do as much land
preparation. So they're starting phase
one there. Phase two is they have to do
all that land recommenation.
So that's what they're concentrating on
right now. And you can see right in the
middle of the screen for the first time
it's starting to blend into where
they're reclaiming the land on the south
side. So
&gt;&gt; um you know they're they are moving with
a sense of urgency as we would say in
the air force to get this building
built.
&gt;&gt; So how far down here to the south which
is on the right side of this image uh
will they be going with this building?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's hard to tell for sure because
um uh you can see right by the water
tank there's a black little fence. It's
called a silt fence and they normally
put that at the edge of the construction
site and it used to go straight across
where you see the excavators right now,
but they just recently moved three4s of
it farther down almost to uh the central
support facilities which is where Cortex
2 and the die shop and the battery
cathode plant is located. So, I'm
expecting to see the rest of that
extend. And if that's the case, it's
going to go pretty close to where we see
Cortex 2 today. How big is Cortex 2 in
square footage?
&gt;&gt; Uh,
I wish I could say for sure. I can't
remember, but it's predominantly one
floor. So, um, yeah, I don't remember. I
don't want to say something, you know,
incorrect, but I'd say it's probably a
couple of million square feet for sure,
easily. But in terms of the um let's say
if you put all the buildings there in
Giga Texas, you got the central
manufacturing facility.
Is Cortex 2 the second largest building
right now? Uh well at the moment until u
the Optimus factory is built the Optimus
factory is going to be a substantial
percentage of the size and the volume of
the main factory because uh Corte I mean
Optimus factory is shaping up to be four
floors and Giga Texas is more or less
four floors as well. So a Giga Texas is
close to a 11 million square feet. Let's
say the Optimus factory is 9 to 10
million square feet. at say Cortex 2 is
a couple of million square feet and then
the advanced technology chip fab which
is uh just now into construction and the
the foundation is emerging. So I don't
know what the size is quite yet but if
it's the if it's about the size of
Cortex we're looking at what 25 to 27
million square feet of of capacity just
with those four buildings. This is the
video here, I guess, of that advanced
technology fab foundation work that
they're beginning to do,
&gt;&gt; right? And
&gt;&gt; it's not it's not so obvious in terms of
the shape of the area yet, but they're
clearly working on that now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they gave us a render, but they
only gave us half of the building
render, and it looked like a scaled down
giga Texas had the bevel edges on the uh
on the south side, I'm presuming on the
north side. But what is very clear to me
is that render is wrong because they've
already moved the building farther north
and they showed it in the rendering. And
part of it is because it's bounded on
the east side by River Roads extension
that kind of works its way all the way
around the east side right there that
you can see. And uh also the large water
retention pond has gotten larger than
what was shown in the renderings and
that's also pushing the building farther
to the north.
Where will that River Road extension end
up going to?
&gt;&gt; Um, River Road on the southwest extreme
corner uh goes right by the test track
and connects to Palm to Market 973 and
then it will wind all the way through
the site paralleling the Colorado River
going into that lone tree field and then
it will connect into a new road called
Herald Green Road. Uh Tesla Road used to
be Herald Green Road and they now have
permits and they've already sent out to
all of the residents around the area
that they are building another Herald
Green Road and it'll connect into uh
River Road just north of Lone Tree. And
I also know that it's going to be there
because the address for the Optimus
Factory is one Herald Green Road.
&gt;&gt; There's going to be a public park uh
there as well. Where will the
&gt;&gt; Yeah. See, see where all the trees are
at the top of the screen.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And on the left, all that all of that
working its way down around the south
part of Gigates, Texas and then over
near where the test track, all of that
is part of the uh ecological river park
that uh I've seen a lot of the the the
permits and the the renderings for it,
but u I haven't seen any actual work
being done on it yet. But there is a lot
of preparatory work that's uh you know
setting it up for that to to happen.
&gt;&gt; So will this river road be a public road
then Joe?
&gt;&gt; Um
I I I can't say for sure. Um I do know
that there's a lot of discussion about
how they would have it open to the
public and how do they uh exclude
certain areas that should be just for
private and then what is open for the
public. But they're going to have to
have an access point to all of the the
the river park u walkways and fields and
and um state uh sports u fields and all
that stuff. So my guess is that river
road to some extent will be partially
public but I don't I can't say for sure
because I haven't seen anything official
yet. In this image here, uh, at the top
here, we've see the land clearing for
the advanced technology fab,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Is is pretty much everything that we're
looking at here, the warehouse on
wheels, will this all be part of it as
well? than what we're seeing here at the
bottom of the image.
&gt;&gt; Uh my guess is that no, I think that
where you see the trailers on the
warehouse on wheels and then where the
um the foundation is starting to emerge,
I think that's going to be the uh extent
of the building on this side. Uh the
just just to the left of the screen uh
sort of in the the left corner they've
been um raising the grade and they've
removed a bunch of trees and they
flatten that all the way out. So it
almost makes it me think that the
warehouse and wheels is just going to
get skinnier but longer and then the
rest of the advanced technology fab is
going to be on the right hand side of
the screen and it should extend up into
all of these workshops and the recycle
yard you see at the bottom of the screen
because those are all in there there
there's other buildings being put in to
allow this to be relocated and then they
can continue with the construction.
What's your expectation uh for when this
building will be completed versus the
Optimus Factory?
&gt;&gt; Uh well, I think the Optimus factory we
might start seeing because they don't
wait till the building is done. They get
to a certain point and then they start
bringing equipment in. So, we might
start seeing equipment coming into the
building maybe next spring and then they
might start setting up basic
construction or uh areas that they can
do testing for similar to what they did
with Giga Texas. Um, I don't know if
Bill probably has a better idea of what
you need for building a a humanoid
robot, but but you know, they'll
probably start with a smaller section
and then build their way out as they
ramp up. Uh, so I would say maybe spring
we'll see equipment maybe next the the
fall of 27 or late 27 we might see maybe
initial production like small scale
really really small. I'm not saying
they're ramping up, just, you know,
little stuff. And then 28 will probably
be the big year for that one. And then
for the advanced technology chip fab,
um, you know, it's obviously behind
construction, uh, timelines of what you
see with the Optimus factory, uh, I
would say 28 for sure for that one,
whether it's early or late 28, but uh,
depends on the size, it depends on the
complexity. Um, I think I just saw
something today where I think it's AMSL
has said that they have some sort of
agreement with Tesla on the lithography
uh machinery and that's probably
necessary at least for this part of the
uh the factory to get going. So, I'm
kind of curious what they're going to do
and how that means for the timelines.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they've got to bring in some of
that equipment for sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's going to be fun for you to see
when they bring that that in on trucks.
Yeah. Well, you know, that that's sort
of one of the things I do is if you
watch the equipment that's arriving, you
can start getting insight into what's
going on in the factory and what they're
working on and how how that's uh coming
along.
&gt;&gt; Do do you think that the Optimus Fatry
will have a a battery cell production
line in there as well?
&gt;&gt; Sorry. Uh
you have to say that again. They're um
they're moving everything away from the
launch site for the launch tomorrow. So
any equipment like that they don't need.
They're getting it out of the way. So
you said something about Optimus
Factory.
&gt;&gt; Optimus Factory and whether or not
they'll build a battery production line
there in the Optimus Factory.
&gt;&gt; H
I don't know. It's something I haven't
uh
I guess I haven't really looked into or
thought about right now. Um I know that
in the main factory they have been doing
a lot of work to expand their production
capabilities and it's everything from
internal construction and reworking of
some of the area and also bringing in
the cabinetry and other equipment for
4680 production. So that's ongoing now.
I mean it's been going on for a while.
Um, you know, a lot of that area of the
factory originally was mostly empty and
then they brought on I think they were
originally going to try to do four
lines, but they had like two or one and
a half or two going. Now, I think that
they have probably close to or if not
their goal of eight, and that's what
they're working on now. So, I don't know
if that's going to be enough uh for the
volume or if they're going to need more.
Of course, Giga Berlin's going to be
adding 4682. So, if they're doing that
there, maybe they'll they'll look for
this factory um to add it. Uh that will
be something to watch as the
construction continues and see if
there's any obvious um foundation work
that's being done that corresponds to
what I saw with the 4680s because its
foundation and the excavations that they
did was quite unique.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. That will be interesting to see.
If they're going to make 10 million
robots a year from that factory, they're
going to need a lot of batteries.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I don't know how many
batteries on a robot, but let's say 20.
So, that's what 200 million batteries at
least. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Big number.
&gt;&gt; Hey, I'm curious. So, you've been
watching this long enough. Can you give
us an idea from your I mean, if you
know, um, how do they how do they do
this construction? I mean, are there
Tesla crews that are constantly that are
Tesla employees or is it all contractor
related? How do how do you manage? I
think it's uh kind of a combination of
all of that. They have uh uh at least
with the main factory, they had a
primary uh civil engineer and then they
had several general contractors. Uh I
think they had at least three of them
and of course they have subs and and
they they work that way. But there's
also embedded Tesla team members within
the contractors and they're out there
constantly. So they're either working
with them or they're um you know uh
helping them or early on with Giga Texas
there was a lot of changes that was
being done and I remember the
contractors being a little bit um uh
they didn't they didn't really grasp
this agile manufacturing and agile
construction process. So there was a lot
of this going on initially. My guess is
that a lot of the contractors now have a
pretty good feel for how Tesla works. Um
That's what I was really leaning in on,
Joe, is I'm saying that Tesla has a
style, a Musk style of get it done, get
it done big and fast. And I wonder, you
know, how it's it's sometimes hard. It's
not just a contract thing, it's a
culture thing, right?
&gt;&gt; Well, you know, a lot of people have
asked me over the years, why are they
redoing that whatever? Because they just
did it. And that's that is showing you
exactly the the Tesla mentality is um
they'll build something that they either
need right now knowing that they don't
later on or they may just build an empty
box and then later on when they figure
out what they need as far as equipment
or the product or whatever then they'll
fill it in and then they'll have to
change it. So, so yeah, there is a lot
of that going on. I think there's been a
lot of learning over the last several
years for people uh working with Tesla.
And I would say here at at Starbase,
it's the same thing. Um because the pace
of innovation of the the booster, the
ship, the stage zero, and all of the
various equipment uh that they are
putting into place here has caused a lot
of changes and a lot of rapid changes
over time. So, so the people that work
on the construction here have had to
learn that too. Um, the last thing I
would say is that Tesla also does have
its own construction team and like for
example, all the roads that you see
around Giga Texas are built by Tesla's
construction team.
&gt;&gt; Oh, wow. Interesting.
&gt;&gt; Huh.
&gt;&gt; What What percent of Giga Texas do you
think is still empty?
&gt;&gt; You mean as far as the land?
&gt;&gt; No, inside the factory itself.
&gt;&gt; Oh, the factory. Well, I guess it
depends on if if you count places where
they might demo and rebuild, which uh is
has been going on a lot. U an example of
that is originally the Model Y body and
white was built in such a way that it
was more um humanentric. So you had a
lot more humans in there working on it.
uh when they went to the Juniper, they
did a really big uh reorganization of
how they did that and they stripped out
a lot of what was just the people and
they put a lot more automation and you
could see that that's one of the
impressive things by the way of what
they did with the Juniper is is not only
did they release the vehicle at
Shanghai, Berlin, Giga, Texas, and
Fremont about the same time, but they
modified all of their lines to go much
more automated at the same time, too. So
if you walk through that section now,
it's very different than what it looked
like uh three years ago. So um but
getting to your getting to your your
your question, I don't know, maybe 20 to
30% is still available for doing
whatever. There's there's still a lot of
empty space.
&gt;&gt; Joe, do you remember the first Sorry,
sir. Go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Go ahead, Phil. I was say, do you
remember the first day you showed up for
the drone flight? What was actually
there on the property?
Uh the very first day I got there, I
didn't even know where Giga Texas was.
So I was just driving around and I saw
this big dirt patch on the side of the
road and I stopped and they had some
graders. There was a little bit of dirt
earthwork that was underway. Very very
preliminary, but uh that was going on.
And then I drove in in what would be now
Tesla Road, but I drove back to the back
into the wooded area and I could see uh
some of the the work that they were
doing to just uh get rid of debris or
old structures or whatever. And uh I
talked to a few people and I I knew that
I was in the right place. Uh but one of
the things that I learned that uh is
sort of a Tesla way of approaching
things is that um when they made the
decision to go there, they worked with
uh the existing plant. It was a Martin
Marriotta concrete batch plant that was
there and when they purchased it from
them, they had the ability to use some
of their permits and rights of the the
land to begin clearing it even before
they had the final approvals. So kind of
risk for the company. They were already
starting to do they were already doing
some of the land clearing and the the
initial preparation work before they
even made the final announcement. And uh
that helped get them a really big start,
a running start to get Giga Texas going.
&gt;&gt; Um when we were talking about Giga
Mexico, um none of that had happened.
So, it was very clear to me that it was
going to take a lot longer, if ever,
because they hadn't done any of the
pre-work when that at the time that they
had announced it.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's that's by the way super
interesting and very uh very Musklike to
pre-run that process with some existing
permits and so forth.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think that story could be
probably told at Colossus
&gt;&gt; and Giga Berlin was a big one, too.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, what do you think?
You're going to get um SpaceX going to
give you permission to start flying?
&gt;&gt; I would love to, but uh I don't think
so. And I I honestly I don't blame them.
Um this is over time this is going to
become much more restrictive. And that
the reason why is that this is a
national infrastructure project. And
what Starship means, the equipment and
the people working here is going to be
critical for our national space programs
and also our national space policy. And
uh having people fly drones and stuff
around here, I don't think would be a
good idea. So I actually support the
fact that they don't allow that to
happen. But of course,
&gt;&gt; yeah, but of course they could get you
uh get you out at the the factory build
out in Bastrop, right?
&gt;&gt; Um possibly. I'm I'm I am trying to see
if I can do that the right way, but I
don't want to just show up and start
flying. I I that's not the relationship
that I've built. And uh uh I I want to
if I'm going to do it, I want to do it,
you know, fully uh legal. And they know
exactly what I'm doing. There's no
surprises,
&gt;&gt; right? I mean there's not a lot of many
bodies that are in common between the
companies except one we can obviously
name. Right.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; So
&gt;&gt; Joe, just on the topic of you seeing
things before other people, a couple
things come to mind for me recently. Uh
one is the Model Y L. Um and it seems,
you know, to the outside observer that
they announced the product and then the
next day it's being produced in the
factory.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; How much?
&gt;&gt; That was one of the things I got in
trouble for. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, how much earlier sort of did
you become aware of it before, you know,
before it was obvious?
&gt;&gt; Six months before that. I I've known all
year. Um
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And uh it uh there were a few signs here
and there. The biggest one was the body
and whites being shipped in in crates
and then they've been doing extensive
crash testing with them.
&gt;&gt; I see. And then the second one is the
cyber cab testing with employees. How
long have you known that that's been
going on?
&gt;&gt; Um it's been going on for a while. Um
whether or not the program was, you
know, fully open or not is sort of the
difference, I guess. But they have been
doing that. I mean, it's been no secret.
I've shown it on most of my videos. I
even say here's the stops. They're
simulating the the stops or they're
doing that. um you know um the the
question and I I don't know if I can
answer that but the the question is is
how much offsite are they doing that um
you know for example before the the the
service areas for the robo taxi fleet
expanded they were already working in
the expanded areas with the employees
driving them around so they were kind of
pre-esting it before they opened it up
so I would imagine that that's what
they're doing now
&gt;&gt; uh you know
&gt;&gt; what's your expectation for when they
might include cyber cabb and the robo
taxi network.
&gt;&gt; I would say sooner than later, but as
far as you know, will it be this week
coming up by the end of July? I don't
know. Um, but I would I would I would
say that people might be surprised that
there's a lot more out there than they
than most people realize. And I think
they're much more prepared for that when
they decide to do it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, I've noticed when you do
these videos, you know, there's there's
there'll be a pile of them that will
show up in a parking lot and so forth
and then then they're gone and I assume
that they're shipped out. And do you in
your mind have a good accounting of sort
of the production that's occurred here?
&gt;&gt; You mean like uh how many per day or how
many they made to together? Um
&gt;&gt; you you go there enough you probably
have a better feel than anybody that
could speak to this as to like what do
they what is the rate of production? I
mean we don't know if they're pushed the
gas pedal down or not, but we know that
they're producing some per day. Right.
&gt;&gt; Right. Yeah. I I know that they're not
pushing the gas pedal down or the
accelerator pedal down right now. Um as
far as per day, I don't know. I would I
would say easily dozens per day. Several
like, you know, many dozens. Uh but then
if you multiply that out by their work
week, which is roughly four days a week,
uh you know, you could imagine 100 to
200 a week. And they've been doing this
since April. So I don't know, maybe that
will help you get a a rough order of
magnitude. Um but I would say that
there's kind of like four four legs that
the whole cyber cab
uh roll out depends on. The first is can
they produce them? And I think the
answer is yes. They have the ability to
produce a lot more if they wanted to,
but they need to go somewhere. They
unlike every other Tesla, they don't
have customers that are buying them. So
they need to have a place for them to
go. So that's one constraint.
&gt;&gt; The second is the autonomous driving the
software and is it fully ready or not?
Are they comfortable enough? Are they
getting their uh KPIs back and saying
that we're reaching whatever safety
goals or whatever goals that they may
have. So, that's another question and I
I think that they're still working on
some of that. We see that with the test
track and and around the country what
they're doing. Uh the the third biggest
part is fleet management. And I don't
know if people really think about that
too much, but it's a huge issue is
everywhere you go, you're going to have
to support the the cyber cabs. You're
going to have to clean them, charge
them, repair them. If something happens,
you're going to have to be able to help
the customers, whatever. And every time
they scale to a different city, you have
to scale that each time. So I think it's
a lot more than people uh give it credit
and I think it's a a big challenge that
they are working through right now. And
of course the last part is the
regulatory environment and although
there is some promising uh or good uh
developments along those ways, there may
be still some some regul regulatory
requirements that they're having to work
through certainly because it's fractured
around this the country. So, we don't
have a a common federal autonomous
vehicle rule yet. So, they have to, you
know, California's got its rules. Texas
is more liberal, I guess. So, we can do
a lot more. And who knows what Florida
or Arizona. So, those four things is
what they're working on right now. And
any one of them could be a limiting
factor to how they're rolling them out
or how they're producing them.
&gt;&gt; So, Joe, you've been doing this for a
long time. Tell us what's on your wish
list of what like moving this forward
your pursuit. What do you want to do?
&gt;&gt; What do I want to do?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Fly over every SpaceX property. Do you
want to do what what's your what's your
what's your wish list?
&gt;&gt; Well, I would like to do that, but uh
you know Tesla's got a lot going on when
it comes to robotics and AI and what
that's going to mean and then full
self-driving is sort of an offshoot of
that. So, I want to see that become very
ubiquitous all over the place. I want
people like my mom to be able to have
the vehicles and the ability to use it.
And it doesn't have to be just old
people or people that have disabilities
or people who are injured or anything
like that. I mean, that's a a group that
can use it, but it could be for
everybody. And and if it were available,
people would maybe change their lives a
little bit more. Like, uh an example is
if if you have a couple of kids and they
have to go to different sports. uh
classes all over the the the city and
you have to spend your time driving
around. If you could just put them in a
vehicle and it could get them there
safely and you could know that they're
there and bring them home, it could
really change people's lives. So, I
think there's a lot like that. And then
uh you know the the semi brings the
logistics uh and the uh freight into
that uh equation as well. So, I'm I'm
really interested in that. When it comes
to space, um you know, I'm a space nerd.
That was my background. that's what I
want to do. Uh I I still would love to
fly if I could in in space. Um but right
now the the biggest things that I'm
interested in is you know most people
are focusing on this. What is the
booster doing? What is the ship doing?
Did it launch? Did it land? Whatever.
But I'm more interested in the the
operations and the missions because
that's where the important stuff happens
is will the AI data center actually
materialize and do what they think and
will it uh provide that revenue stream
that they're going to need to do bigger
missions
&gt;&gt; on orbit refilling is absolutely
critical. It's kind of like the same
thing for aerial refueling for our
country. And I used to be a tanker pilot
so it's kind of near and dear to me you
know. So, you know, without that, we're
pretty much a coastal defense country.
With aerial refueling, we can force
reject around the world and we can do
all kinds of stuff. It's the same thing
with any of our rockets right now. And
it doesn't matter which company. It's
just the the tyranny of the rocket
equation and the gravity well that we're
in. That is all of these rockets are
really good at getting something to low
Earth orbit and that's it. you need to
be able to extend their range and that's
what on orbit refilling is all about. So
I think that's something I'm really
looking forward to see how is it built
out, how does it operate and how do they
operationalize it. And then of course
after that it's what they do on the moon
and Mars and everything. So that's all
really really interesting to me. And to
kind of roll it all together, the reason
why I'm really interested in aloat
atomics right now, small module
reactors, and the kind of the designs
that they're doing, is that if we're
going to do an off-world economy, if
we're going to do a base on the the moon
or Mars or anything, the the biggest
critical limiting factor is energy. And
you know, you can make it with solar
panels maybe, but you're you're in areas
of the moon that are shaded at least
half of the time or more. as you get
farther from the sun, your energy per,
you know, square or square meter reduces
dramatically. So, if you get much
farther than Mars, you're going to have
to have some other energy source, too.
So, that's why I'm interested in that.
And it kind of brings the whole
ecosystem together. So,
&gt;&gt; I don't know that that's my crazy what
I'm what am I looking for and why I keep
doing this.
&gt;&gt; It's fun to see the Cyber Trucks driving
uh behind you as you're as you're
talking. Other than Giga Texas, I think
this is the highest concentration of
Cybert trucks in the world.
&gt;&gt; It is. It's great to see there.
&gt;&gt; Hey Joe, if people are going to go try
to see some flight at Starbase, like
tell us how to get there. Not literally,
but what's what's the basic logistics?
You get there. Is there places to stay?
There places to eat? What what goes on
there? Yeah, we are located at the very
tip of Texas, right next to the Rio
Grand River and Mexico is just behind me
about two miles away. So, we're very
very uh far to the south. You have the
city of Brownsville and then you have
South Padre Island. Uh there's a city on
that uh kind of the peninsula or
actually the island, I guess. And uh
then you have Port Isabel in the middle
and there are places that you can get
hotels and eat there and uh you know you
can go to grocery stores, all that
stuff. So if you want to get all your
provisions, Brownsville is not anywhere
as near as nice as far as the
accommodation as you would be at South
Padre Island because that's more
touristy. So if you want to have, you
know, beach view and all that, South
Padre Island is great. If you want to
have cheaper and closer access to uh
Starbase, Brownsville is a little bit
better. Uh the thing to keep in mind is
that even though South Padre Island is 5
miles away from me in in the direction,
you know, behind the camera here, uh
there's a big channel and you have to go
all the way around the channel to get to
where I'm standing here at Starbase. So,
it takes about 45 minutes to an hour to
get from South Padra Island out to here.
Whereas if you start at Brownsville, it
might take you 20, 30 minutes or so. So
you can, you know, take that into
account. Um, when you come to Starbase,
there's no tours, there's no tour group,
there's nothing like that. Uh, the
closest is probably Rocket Ranch, which
is run privately, and there's a lot of
friends of mine that run that. They also
have Raptor Roost, and there's a few
other uh places that you can go and
watch the launches here. uh you you you
know it's for pay, but it's supporting
their their efforts here at Rocket
Ranch. But other than that, you're
pretty much on your own. So, uh it is
open. This highway behind me is a public
highway, at least for now. Uh in this
direction is, you know, half a mile, not
even that, is the beach, and it's a
public beach. So, you can come out here.
Uh there aren't any um public restrooms
or or places to get water or to get food
or anything out here. So if you need it,
you need to bring it. And uh but you can
you can come right out here. As I
mentioned earlier, they're shrinking
some of the areas you could you can go.
You used to be able to go all the way
behind the launch site here and the mud
flaps, but you can't anymore. So now
you're pretty much on the beach or on
Highway 4 about where I'm at right now.
Um, and of course you can go and as long
as you don't pass the private property
signs, you can go up to the production
site. You can see uh Star Factory, the
Gigab Bay. Um, you used to be able to
see a lot more, but um the construction
of Starfactory and Gigabay essentially
built giant walls. So now everything is
kind of hidden, but you can still see
that. And and you can you can stop on
the road and see Massie where they do
some of the uh testing. Uh but again,
you're a little bit distance away, but
uh um you know, so that that's kind of
what you would see if you get here. But
I would also just add this rocket, if
everything goes well, is going to launch
in less than 24 hours tomorrow. And look
how close I am.
&gt;&gt; There's no other place in the world you
can get this close.
&gt;&gt; It's kind of insane, right?
&gt;&gt; It is. It's actually amazing. So, if you
can come here, come here earlier then,
you know, as as soon as you can because
eventually this is going to I think it's
going to be closed off.
&gt;&gt; And and tomorrow, if this goes on time,
where will you actually be? Like pretty
close to where you are or what where?
&gt;&gt; Well, for me tomorrow, I'm going to be
uh live streaming with Ellie Space and
we have a place over at Port Isabel,
which is just on the other side of the
channel. Okay. It's it's right at 5
miles. So, it's right at the edge of the
temporary flight restriction uh and the
the clear zone for people. And uh the
the views that I have is it's very very
good, especially if you compare it to
South Padre Island. Uh the original
tower was clocked about 90 degrees from
what this one is. So, from South Padre
Island, you could see the booster
really, really well.
&gt;&gt; But now with this tower, it's kind of
hidden right behind the tower from
there. But where I'm at, you can see it
kind of like this view that I'm I'm
seeing right now.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Cool.
&gt;&gt; Are you still there?
&gt;&gt; And if you go to Rocket Branch and if
you go to the observatories here, um
it's the closest that you can possibly
be and it's just about three and a half
miles, which uh the only thing closer is
the SpaceX employees which are at the um
the the operations building and they're
at about two and a half miles maybe.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
Are you still the mayor of Cyber Beach,
Joe?
&gt;&gt; I am, even though I guess uh they had a
uh a vote on that, a legal vote, and
they decided not to go with it. So, oh
well.
&gt;&gt; So, I guess I'm the one and only mayor.
&gt;&gt; The mayor of Bokhica Beach,
&gt;&gt; I guess. So, I don't know.
&gt;&gt; I see. Well,
&gt;&gt; it's all the name.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; I was there uh during spring break with
my kids and I got to drive my Cybert
truck on the beach all the way down to
the Rio Grand. That was that was pretty
neat.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. There's there other than the real
ground, there's nothing separating
Mexico and the US here at all.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Yeah, that was fun. Fun drive.
&gt;&gt; Have you been here, Phil?
&gt;&gt; Well, no, I haven't. And it's uh it's
it's it's very much on the bucket list.
&gt;&gt; Do it sooner than later. That's my uh
advice.
&gt;&gt; Well, you will hear from me.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Sounds like a plan. [laughter]
I do bring a lot of people over to the
location that I'm at. It's u you know
it's it's small so I have to limit it a
little bit but uh I'm able to do that.
So just let me know indeed.
&gt;&gt; Joe, tell us about Joe's Last Chance
Garage.
&gt;&gt; Well, you know, in addition to being a
space geek and everything and being in
the Air Force, I've also been interested
in automobiles and classic cars and
restoration work and just tinkering on
them. I've done that ever since I was a
kid before I could even drive and uh I
learned a lot about uh engineering and
mechanics that way because once again to
to age me this was before the internet
so it was you the tool and the and the
broken thing and if you figured it out
you figured it out if not it was sitting
there broken. So, I've been doing that
for a long time. And after I um retired
from the Air Force and I uh stopped uh
well, I kind of was doing it while I was
working at USAA as kind of a hobby. But
after that, uh I had a period of time
between uh leaving USAA, which is a a
company that does insurance and banking
mostly for military people. Um, and when
I started doing the flying at Giga
Texas, I had Joe's last catch garage and
I did a lot of restoration work on
Porsches and other vehicles and uh, you
know, just finding them, fixing them,
restoring them, helping people uh, buy
and sell them. So, I did that for a
while.
&gt;&gt; Is that something that you're still
doing or is that
&gt;&gt; um, very very little. I've I've gotten
most of my clients are now gone. And the
reason why is that this uh social media
thing that began with me watching dirt
from the side of the road has grown huge
and and and I I'm very blessed by that.
I'm able to do a lot of the stuff here
at SpaceX. I do the stuff with Tesla. Um
and I'm branching out to other like
Altomics, other other tech companies
that I think are important for that
off-world economy that I'm really
looking forward to seeing. We hope you
uh thoroughly enjoy the launch uh
tomorrow. If it comes tomorrow,
&gt;&gt; I hope so. So far so good. We'll see if
the ship gets out here.
&gt;&gt; Delayed to this weekend, you might see
me down there.
&gt;&gt; Oh, well, let me know if you're going to
be here.
&gt;&gt; Fingers crossed on my part for a delay.
[laughter] That's funny.
&gt;&gt; Well, truth be told, I really would like
to see this delay one day because I have
a
&gt;&gt; I've been invited to a rare opportunity
I can't talk about right now, but it's
tomorrow
at the same time as the launch about two
hours away from here. So,
&gt;&gt; so I've had to choose right now.
&gt;&gt; That makes two of us. Then we we should
just ask them to delay it on on account
of us.
&gt;&gt; That would be awesome.
Well, Joe, we really appreciate you
taking the time to to be with us today
to be our man on the ground there at
Starbase. Um, thank you very much. It's
been great.
&gt;&gt; Well, thanks for having me and uh I will
be live streaming with Ellie in space
for the launch. We'll start about 45
minutes before the launch and uh you
know, tune in on her channel and watch
us. uh I try to give a lot of u
commentary that you don't necessarily
hear a lot of engineering physics and
the math and everything behind it and
just explaining what you're seeing. So
if you're interested in a launch uh tune
in this is if all goes well the last
time we'll see a booster go into the
water and the last time the ship will
not do an orbital trajectory. So so this
is sort of the end of the beginning
&gt;&gt; right? Absolutely. It's excitement
guaranteed, right? Yes.
&gt;&gt; All right. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Phil. Thanks, Joe.
&gt;&gt; Thanks a lot.