Channel:     futureaza
Title:       This Startup Might Rewrite Charging
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57Kh6D3xb8A
Published:   2026-04-27 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-27 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

You guys, public chargers are difficult.
If you've worked with brands other than
Tesla and [music] a handful of others,
you know that they're unreliable, buggy,
always on the fritz. They're getting
better, but some companies are doing
better than others. [music] I'm at
Electric Era, the folks in Seattle,
founded by some SpaceX former engineers
and some other really brilliant people,
too. And yes, I'm here because [music]
they're bribing me with a barbecue. They
know me, man. They speak my language.
Let's figure out what's awesome about
their chargers and what they're still
improving. I'm Brian, welcome to Future
Foss.
&gt;&gt; [music]
[singing]
&gt;&gt; So, I've got Sam here. Sam is the CTO of
Electric Era.
He's the one who can tell me what on
earth is going on here, and that's what
we're going to do.
This is the charger. Actually, let's
look at it close for a second so we can
see.
Of course, it's got a latch for when
it's under
under repair, it stays open. Cord's in
the way there.
Come around the side and look at how
thin this machine is. This is
elegant. This is This is
about Is anyone's thinner?
You know, I don't actually know. I think
it's It's right at the minimum.
&gt;&gt; It's It's certainly pushing the limits
there. And you've tested the strength
that can be bonked into modestly without
failure. The wind is not going to take
it down in the planes. We're designing
it for actually the the southern tip of
Florida for hurricane force winds.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And for those who don't know,
they do have ones with NACS, they do
have ones with CCS, but regardless, it's
just tap to pay,
get on with your day.
No memberships, no apps, no nonsense
like that. What was the decision on the
no apps?
You know,
we started trying to think about how do
you make charging easy for people? There
was a lot of issues in the industry.
They've gotten a little bit better over
time, but around session reliability,
session start, just showing up to a
charger and not being able to just get
on with the business of charging. Um
[snorts]
there was a lot of community feedback
that having to deal with multiple
different apps and, you know, having
funds locked into different apps that
they couldn't access at other chargers
was a huge pain point in the industry.
We went in pretty early on with a like a
really clear design thesis around we
need to minimize any friction points
between somebody showing up at the
charger and being able to successfully
charge cars. Uh so, getting rid of the
apps, letting you just, you know, tap to
pay, really easy payment methods was was
really key to that. Makes it a lot more
straightforward. There's a supermarket
down in in Ridgefield near that Costco
down there that had, what is it? I
forget, Rose Acres, maybe, where they
had a free charger for while you're
shopping, 9 kilowatts [clears throat] or
something.
And then it switched to a
BP
and you had to do the app, but the app
wouldn't work. You couldn't create an
account, you couldn't log in, but they
fixed it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They've torn them out.
That's not a solution. Hey, let's look
at the inside. I want to see what's
going on in here. Yeah. So, you know, at
a high level, I think one of the
interesting parts about designing EV
chargers is it is right at the
intersection of consumer electronics and
electrical infrastructure, and you have
all of the challenges with both, uh you
know, happening in in a single design
space and all of the constraints. Um
So, this is a one of our pilots for the
the RE400 product. It's a 400 kilowatt
liquid cooled
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; We call it a charging kiosk. Uh and
actually, that's intentional naming
there because we're really trying to
establish this as not just a place where
you can charge, but as a place where our
retail [snorts] customers
can can purchase equipment that lets
them establish their brand in the
parking lot and link the EV charging
experience with the rest of their sort
of in-store experience.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. So,
to to do all of that, I mean,
the there's a few things you have to get
right.
&gt;&gt; Sure. One is they really care about the
driver experience. Like all of these
other, you know, brand ties, loyalty
experience, these these things are
predicated on being able to show up and
charge successfully every time. If you
show up to the charger and it's a bad
experience, the fact that it's tied to
the brand is like not a benefit to
anyone.
&gt;&gt; Right. So, when we started
&gt;&gt; Brian's
convenience chargers
&gt;&gt; Mhm. and these don't work, who looks
bad? I mean, Right. Whoever's name is on
it, which is the
&gt;&gt; bad. Everybody looks bad.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But Brian would be upset in that
case.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. So, we started with just, you
know, the first thing we need to get
right is session reliability and
hardware uptime. It needs to be always
available and when you plug in your car,
it needs to work.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. So, that's actually what's going on
on this board. Mhm. Um this is the We
call this the dispenser controller.
Okay. Uh so, it's running basically all
of the vehicle comms, the full like ISO
15118 and DIN stacks that do uh vehicle
communication and giving us a ton of
oversight into that whole process,
allowing us to get really, really
uh deep levels of telemetry and insights
into the various levels of
communications that are going on.
There's There's analog comms, there's
digital comms, there's multiple levels
of digital comms, all getting mediated
by this board. Now, is this a final one?
Is this actually as simple as it looks
inside? This is a a pilot unit still. Uh
so, we're actually going to be
&gt;&gt; a bunch of more No, this is this is
everything in there. And then And
actually, we'll we'll go and charge on
on basically the the
the a second one of this unit as built.
So, it's got so little in here, I assume
because you moved as much of the big
stuff as you could back to the cabinet.
Correct. And And that's an intentional
choice. I mean, obviously, there's units
in the field today that are both
all-in-one units as well as sort of
satellite style
charging cabinets.
We feel that the the best way for a
retailer to maximize sort of the the
experience of their forecourt and use
the least amount of parking is to be
able to push the the bulkier power
conversion elements out of the way
Right.
&gt;&gt; uh and their cabinets really help with
that.
&gt;&gt; here. Uh yeah. And that's kind of
fundamental to how we were able to
achieve such a slim profile. Yeah.
[snorts] Um we have a cooling system in
here.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Um that's pretty important even, you
know, even with the power conversion
moved off-board, uh there's still
several kilowatts of heat that is
getting dissipated by the liquid cooling
system in here. So, that's what's going
on in the bottom there, and that's kind
of key to hitting those really high
powers. And of course, because you guys
know how to design, the only piece here
that's remotely large is in the part of
the cabinet that's actually wide at the
base. Makes perfect sense. Quick
question for you.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. How important is it to use copper
for the bus rather than aluminum? Oh,
great question. So, people use both
copper and aluminum in in bus bar
applications.
Uh the copper has a lower
uh resistance
&gt;&gt; resistance, yes. Uh so, you can
basically maximize the use of of
compressed space in here. Um this is all
pilot hardware, so, you know, in in the
future, these things will be probably
tin-plated and and the hardware will
change a little bit for the production
units. But this is a small amount of
copper. Yeah. Might as well. And we're
designing this unit for 500 amps
continuous, so there's quite a bit of
current going through the the bus bar
elements in here.
Okay. Uh my next question is on these
units that you're rolling out,
400 volt, 800 volt, anywhere in between,
what are we talking?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, up to 1,000 volts
and 500 amps continuous. We'll support
both 400 volt and 800 volt vehicle
architectures, so anybody can show up
and charge.
&gt;&gt; So, you've got a Lucid, you've got a
Taycan, you pull up to this, you're
going to be pretty happy. Yeah. For
sure. I think we've
We're designing it to hit 400 kilowatts.
There's obviously not really any cars in
the market right now that can do that,
but we have hit
more than 300 just in testing on
Cybertrucks
already.
&gt;&gt; on Cybertrucks already in
&gt;&gt; More than 300 on Cybertrucks. Yeah. It's
hard to get a Cybertruck. Yeah. You
know, to actually pull that much.
Okay. Yes. Anything else on this cabinet
before we walk to the next spot? Ooh,
let's see.
Yeah, maybe the other point to to point
out is we've done a lot of work on the
design of the
the user interface.
You know, it's a it's basically an
interactive audio problem. We have a lot
of audio custom audio processing on both
the the audio output and the audio
input. That's [snorts] in development,
so that's all happening in a module
here. That's sort of the the UI-focused
element as well. Um and that's kind of
one of those design challenges that I
was mentioning. We're right at the
intersection of consumer electronics and
industrial infrastructure.
I see. Okay, fantastic. And again,
NACS,
one of each, whatever I want. Yeah, the
intention is to be quite flexible. Um
obviously, right now, most of the
vehicle fleet outside of Tesla is NA or
is CCS.
Um most of the the newer vehicles
getting released are switching to NACS.
Uh so, I would say that probably today
we have the largest number of CCS cars
on on the market that will exist. Um but
outside of the test specific Tesla
charging station, CCS is still the
dominant use case.
Uh so, our intention is to be able to
provide a mixed blend of ports and then
actually update those ports over time as
the vehicle fleet changes composition.
Uh and we're also investigating, you
know, an an omniport {slash} magic dock
style multi-adapter. Sure. Well, I have
used your NACS chargers Yeah. and I have
used your CCS chargers with adapters,
and I don't see a difference. So, that's
if you've got if you've got
one or the other, it's nice to just have
the adapter in the car
just in case,
regardless of which one you have.
Let's head to the next spot.
&gt;&gt; Awesome. We've got a couple of vehicles
here. We've got a Tesla as well as an
EV6 and we'll charge both of them
with this Snacks cable
using an adapter obviously for the for
the EV6. Mhm. What you can see behind
you is actually just a
a pretty small fraction of the total
telemetry that we're capturing from the
system
and I'll talk through you know some of
the some of the details on on what we
can see there. That's cool. So this is
this is a small percentage of what I
don't see behind the scenes. Yeah, I
think that's accurate. Yeah. So if
if you're testing something new a new
car comes out and for some reason it's
throwing errors
you've got this plus a bunch of other
stuff but this might be enough to tell
you what's going on. Yeah,
interoperability is is a a big challenge
in the industry at large. It you know I
don't I don't think it's because
anybody's necessarily doing a bad job.
It's because the problem is
fundamentally really hard. You have many
generations of hardware in the fields.
Those you know in terms of both the the
supply equipment as well as on the the
vehicle side and [snorts] you know in
that fleet there are no non-compliances
with the standards. The standards
themselves are not particularly well
defined and there's not a really
established and and consistently agreed
on compliance test. So it ends up being
a little bit of a wild wild west out
there. You know manufacturers like
automotive OEMs push updates that that
break backwards compatibility
Our general thesis is like because the
environment is so dynamic the only way
you can really achieve high reliability
in the field is to have a very
compressed timeline between resolution
basically issue detection
in the field and then being able to
identify what's happening figure out the
root cause develop a software fix and
then deploy it to your fleet of chargers
and this is just part of the the tool
set that we use to do that.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; We also do extensive testing here
charging different vehicles. We've
developed hoodles which are basically
hardware out of the loop test setups
where we can you know test vehicles and
make sure that we are compliant with
standards and compliant with specific
known vehicle idiosyncrasies.
I had a chance to interview
the representative from Electrify
America
who is now the CEO. Nice. Or became the
CEO. I think he's still there. Yeah. And
my viewers had precisely one question
and it was made clear to me before the
interview that
that's the question you're not going to
ask. You know the question why doesn't
it work? Yeah. So I had to ask different
questions and the question I asked was
where is it designed? Where is it
manufactured?
And what pieces go in? And he said oh
we just spec the output and local
contractors build whatever they build.
So all the pieces are different in every
unit which means you might live
somewhere where Electrify America was
perfect
then go on a road trip and find it
doesn't work at all cuz you're in
someone else's territory. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It was a real mess. There's a a general
problem with how particularly the
vehicle comm stack is handled. There's a
few major suppliers who make the actual
modems that that run the the low level
comms with the vehicles. You [snorts]
know Qualcomm makes one Lumos will make
one. There's there's a handful of other
folks.
Those [snorts] chips typically get
integrated onto to carrier boards or sub
modules that have additional [snorts]
layers of firmware and then those
modules get sold to to OEMs who are
building the end chargers. So anytime
there's an issue in the field there's
many people who have to come together on
the resolution and that's the type of
thing that can really really slow down
response
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; and you know leads to basically
interoperability issues that are known
just sitting out there and impacting
drivers for a really long time. Mhm. So
you know
it's it's a challenging problem for
sure.
Our approach is to basically own as much
of the software and firmware and
hardware stack as possible. We're
sourcing those modem chips directly.
We're integrating them. We're doing all
of the firmware development and the
higher level software to to run this and
that's how we can keep that response
time really short. And that's very
similar to Tesla's approach on all the
chips all the all the software.
Everything top to bottom. They have
actually an easier version of the
problem because they also own the cars.
So you know they get both ends and you
know I have a lot of respect for what
they've been able to do and and one of
the reasons is because they can
basically cheat on the inner op problem
and just make sure that everything is
always working in their sort of
internally controlled ecosystem. For the
the broader ecosystem it's a more
challenging problem for sure. And
they're beginning to see that as well
like if you look at you know where
Tesla's like like reviews on on plug
share and whatnot like a lot of the
issues that they're seeing are not Tesla
interoperability issues. It is the other
OEMs now charging at Tesla stations.
And the big thing Tesla did to fix the
biggest complaint is they made longer
electricity hoses. I don't know if you
know but that's what those are. Yeah.
One problem Electrify America had was
when Ford went out to field test the
Mach-Es they were able to identify which
component was causing a problem. So they
reached out and said can you tell us
which locations have them and they said
no.
So that's not great. Yeah, the the
charging cable is a really hard problem
generally.
&gt;&gt; like a an inverter some internal
component that was causing a problem.
Yeah.
And they didn't know where they were.
Yeah, and you know I think there's so
many places that where like in terms of
what drives interoperability failures
like you know it starts at
the driver actually just using the
equipment like sometimes they're not
plugging in fully sometimes they're
they're pushing the
the CCS button while they install.
There's many things that can cause
issues. Of course. And and then like you
know that
there can be issues with the cable there
can be too much torque on the cable when
it's seated that can you know degrade
the the lower level comms quality
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; and that goes all the way back into the
you know the board level and the
firmware level
like software that's actually mediating
the the interaction. Um
Yeah, the the charging cable is
interesting. You know obviously we've
chosen for this one to to take approach
more similar to what Tesla is doing with
avoiding a cable management system.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um [snorts] we've seen very few cable
management systems that have been
successfully executed. Most of the time
people are like yeah we have a really
long cable and like but it's attached at
the top with the cable management system
and like you're applying torque to that
it is not actually a better experience.
No, it might be better on day one
but by day 50 60 all your pieces are
getting loose and people are dropping it
on the ground and And and that's where
like when you think about how to design
for upkeep and and and uptime in general
just keeping the mechanical system as
simple as possible is is really
important. So we've done a ton of
testing with this specific cable length
to make sure that we can charge every
vehicle. We we basically like we have
massive spreadsheets of of different you
know vehicle positions cable reach
thinking about how to lay out the stall
relative to the vehicles thinking about
how much space a user needs and like
where the bumper is relative to all of
these things. One of the really exciting
things about having a lot of user
interactivity and having all of this
data is that we can actually train
models to be really really prescriptive
in their discussion to the user about
what went wrong. I think this is kind of
the last frontier of interoperability.
It is like
instructing the users on how to
successfully initiate their charging
session so that if you do see a failure
the next time they try can be
successful. Mhm. So tell me what we got
over here. Yeah, so this is a Grafana
dashboard that we use to visualize some
of the telemetry that we're getting off
of the system. So kind of the main
things here we've got basically
dispenser state machines. So this is
looking at the the software state
machines as it sequences into charging.
And [snorts] then we have reports of the
DC voltage and the DC current that we
are delivering and that the vehicle is
requesting
as well as power some of the analog
signaling coming off such as control
pilot and proximity pilot. These are all
parts of sort of the the safety system
and the communications between the
vehicle and the charger.
&gt;&gt; What's a proximity pilot? Ah, great
question.
So if you look at a a charging cable
head
you have basically five pins there.
You've got a DC plus and a DC minus and
then you've got a a ground pin there so
that's just for safety for providing a
current return path and then you have
control pilot and prox pilot. Huh. Prox
pilot is the simplest one. This just
makes sure that if the connector comes
undone it immediately triggers shutdown
of the full systems so you don't have
live voltage present.
Control pilot's what's doing all of the
the mediation of the vehicle to supply
equipment. You know
All the country. All of the comms. It's
happening at both an analog as well as a
higher level digital layer on top of
things.
Yeah, so we can plug it in and here we
go.
&gt;&gt; All right.
So we've got our blue light flashing.
I hear the cabinet kicking on and the
light is green. That was
9 seconds? Yeah, I think we have a a
pretty clear path to get Tesla's
probably to sevenish seconds from
plug-in to start. Like our design
criteria here is that the experience has
to feel magical. Yeah. And we take that
one pretty seriously. There is some
variability vehicle to vehicle on how
things you know will will actually react
but our goal is to make it so you you
plug in and you know you're charging as
soon as possible and if you're not
charging you know that as soon as
possible with what you need to do next.
Cuz the only real gap is
payment processing. Yeah, and we can do
that. Typically we ask our folks to to
plug in and then pay. That way the
plug-in sequence can happen while
they're paying. Yeah, and you can get
people you know charging even faster.
Yeah, yeah. Um you can see you've
actually heard some clicks. Those are
different power modules uh cycling into
the the session. Sure. Uh the way the
charging cabinet works, you've got 80 kW
increments that get added to the
specific vehicles that are charging.
That way you can make most efficient use
of the power conversion you have on
site.
That's great.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so you can see over here, you
know, we're we're we're we're starting
to supply some current here. Uh this is
a 400-V architecture. It looks like we
are supplying, you know, somewhere
around 357 V. That's the current battery
voltage. That's basically clamped onto
the battery system voltage. Mhm.
[snorts] Um and then, you know, the
vehicle is telling how much current it
can handle and we're we're stepping up
to it by swapping in additional modules.
That's so cool. Yeah. I got to see a
Ford Model T that an old farmer had
decided, "This is garbage. I'm going to
save it. I'm going to electrify it.
&gt;&gt; Oh, man.
&gt;&gt; My budget is zero." Oh, wow. That's even
more fun.
&gt;&gt; So, he found some old scrap batteries.
He put four batteries in and he made it
into a four-speed with four Frankenstein
levers.
&gt;&gt; That's awesome. And it was the seat was
an old tractor seat he welded in it and
it's road legal. It's road legal. It's
got the real antique plates on it.
&gt;&gt; Man, I love these conversion projects. I
really Sith uh who I think you've
interviewed before, he he drives a
little Mazda Miata. Oh. Uh and I keep
telling Is that not a Mazda? No, no.
That is a Mazda but but I'm excited. Go
on. Yeah, yeah. Well, I keep telling him
that we got to do we got to electrify
it.
&gt;&gt; to. Yeah, I've got a garage space for
him. So, as soon as he's ready to go,
we're going to start we're going to
start making that thing. We're going to
keep the manual transmission in. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; For fun. My buddy Mike has a Miata and
he says, "I feel bad cuz all my electric
friends say, 'You should be driving
electric.'" And I said, "Mike, you just
tell them it's pre-conversion."
It's true. All all Miatas are
pre-conversion. Pre-conversion EVs.
Okay, so this is
what's this cool pattern? Is that a
spirograph from when I was a child?
&gt;&gt; one. So, one of the key safety systems
in all DC fast charging equipment is an
insulation monitor. So, this is
basically confirming that the the DC
plus and DC minus are floating relative
to earth potential. So, that if you
touch one of those terminals and you're
touching a pole next to you, you don't
get, you know, electrified.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know Uh Yeah. So, what we're
actually doing is continuously
monitoring the insulation of both of
those poles relative to ground. Mhm. Uh
and you know, we we do that live uh
continuously through the session.
There's a There's IEC standards that
sort of describe what this needs to look
like as well as it's in the UL 2202
standard. Or 2231 standard.
&gt;&gt; The important thing to notice is
the the really important thing is where
did it go? Is we've got both Coolio and
Disco Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; in action. And if you can't find joy in
one of the two, I don't know if there's
any helping you.
Coolio is our cooling system controller
and Disco is our dispenser controller.
We get to choose some fun board names
for these projects. [laughter]
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um awesome. Do you want to try to charge
in the 6?
&gt;&gt; Oh, sure. Sweet. So, yeah, let's
So, this is obviously a CCS car. So, we
will use uh CCS adapter. This is an Axis
CCS adapter for this. Um although, we
will also be producing these with
dedicated CCS ports. Mhm.
I think I have to unlock it.
&gt;&gt; you do.
It's good. You got keys.
Very retro. Thank you. They're dicks.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Okay. Oh, shows your state of charge,
I'm assuming.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. That's pretty cool. I really like
this car, honestly.
So, we're going to install our adapter.
This one takes a little bit longer than
the Teslas to start charging. Um you
know, I think there's
&gt;&gt; to have that conversation. Yeah.
So, this guy.
Uh typically, this takes more like 20
seconds to start a session, but
we'll be working on improving that.
These things make me nervous. Yeah. Do
they? Yeah, there was some like
3 years ago, there was
there was some like fires with
connectors associated with connectors.
You remember that? But it basically the
connector industry's made worked itself
out at this point. That's helpful.
There's not great standard coverage on
the adapters right now. Uh that's
improving over time, though. So,
&gt;&gt; Yeah. they should be getting more
available and safer.
So, yeah. This is a This is actually an
800-V
architecture.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we weren't even paying attention.
It's charging.
Yeah. Yeah. And it works.
Well, and again, this is still Is it the
thinnest cabinet?
I think technically. Cuz I've It's
thinner than the Supercharger V3s.
Yeah. You could do the old TV trick,
which is where you hide it in a wall.
There you go. Make it make it paper
thin. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, is there
anything else you want to tell me about
this or have we covered it? Because in
the comments, you guys, I need it and it
is mandatory. I apologize, it happens
sometimes. One very smart comment or
question from each of you. Because if
you ask smart questions, I can trick
them into coming back and answering
them. I mean, it's very sneaky what I
do, but I can't do it alone.
Anything I've missed?
Man, I don't know. I think we hit a lot
of stuff. Um you can see this guy is
charging it almost 200 kW. Mhm. Um you
know, we'll be able to charge at up to
400 kW on this architecture uh and, you
know, it's uh we're we're excited to
keep developing it and getting it on the
field. Mhm. Do you have uh the ability
Do your maps allow cars to precondition?
Like I know
if you're on the Tesla map and you
select the location, the car will
precondition. With my Tesla, I will go
to our stations and if you click it, it
the Tesla system actually
preconditions
&gt;&gt; preconditions the the Tesla. Yeah. So,
it's happening. It's pretty cool. It it
basically whatever car you're in needs
to acknowledge that it's a charging
station and then it'll like auto
boot up its um preconditioning system.
So, I will tell you the solution on that
because I've had it not work and I've
had it work and the difference is when
you're navigating to a charger, check to
allow third-party chargers.
Otherwise, it doesn't know what the heck
it is.
Yeah. Um go ahead. Oh, we're we're going
to go
&gt;&gt; in the part where you get to talk and
tell me whatever. We're going to work
with
uh you know, we're we're constantly
talking to the automotive OEMs and
thinking about how to improve the
infotainment sort of navigation and how
to incorporate our systems into that
better. So,
Yeah.
So, guys, what did we miss? What did we
misunderstand? Leave it in them comments
below and everybody else like,
subscribe, do what you do. Thank you so
much for all of you who support me on
Patreon, on YouTube, as a channel
member, on X as a subscriber. It's how
I'm able to do these journeys. And this
particular one, it's only 2 hours I can
actually just do it. Everybody else,
stay tuned. Stay juicy and I can't wait
to hear from you clever robots when you
find one of these and get to charge it
yourself.