Channel:     futureaza
Title:       TEN THOUSAND launches/yr & $15 BILLION to Borrow That Computer - 20 Burning Monday News Stories
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnOesu_OXfE
Published:   2026-05-25 05:47 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-26 07:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Good Monday morning. Uh if you're
anywhere, you know, where it's morning,
good Monday, the 25th of May. Um it is a
bunch of news time. We've got over 20
news stories through. A whole lot to
cover. Ben, an exciting week. Let me
know if the sound is good. Would you,
could you? Pretty pleased. And thank
you. Hey, uh SpaceX is aiming for 10,000
annual launches within 5 years,
says. Pretty sure that's how that's
pronounced. SpaceX aims to reach 10K
launches annually within 5 years, but
government officials will need to see
improved reliability. Wait, so first of
all, 10,000 is a lot. That is a lot, my
friend. That is 30 a day. But that's a
lot. Yeah. I said he met with Gwen
Shotwell who told him about the
company's ambitious goal. SpaceX
conducted 170 launches in 2025,
deploying about 2500 satellites.
Uh Brad Bedford told said shotwell told
him about the ambitious plan in Forbes
interview. He said we need to see a lot
more reliability to which uh my question
would be what could you say that again
into my good earier FA licenses? Yeah,
you know we got to go through the
constraints and see what we can do for
planning. Hey, uh, if you don't know,
um, or don't know the exact details, I
went ahead and just asked the old Grock
here. What, uh, what is the most
success? I said, well, maybe maybe
Soyas, you could say. Soyos is pretty
good. It's got, you know, uh, 95 to 97%
uh, success across variants with some
specific ones being more reliable.
Falcon 9 over 99%. Block 5 at 99.8%
successful. 99.8% successful is pretty
darn successful. I asked for a little
bit more detail on that and uh you know
other other ones Saturn Saturn 5 13 to
50 I mean you know those are limited run
sorts of things. So I asked more
specifically about block 5 one failure
out of 584
um and uh it was a second stage burn
issue. So
come on what are we doing here? And uh
they also added that you know uh for
additional context even just the
landings are at 99%.
Plus so uh I don't know what you're
talking about when you say you need more
reliability. I will tell you what you
need more launch sites because you can
argue uh with me let's argue. You can
argue that uh 10,000 can be done safely
can be done reasonably.
What you can't argue is that anyone's
going to love living near a place that
launches multiple Starships per day.
They're fairly loud and I don't know
where you a third site will mitigate it
a bit. This report actually talks less
about the noise and more about simply
the space constraints. You've got a
launchpad and you're launching three
times a day. You need a lot of
infrastructure. You need a lot of
infrastructure to support that. There's
a limited amount of space at Vandenberg
Air Force Base and at the Space Coast.
Uh, and you know where where are you
going to put where you going to put the
others? Where you going to add some more
launch sites? Because anywhere you go,
it's going to be real loud. Uh, so
that's an issue to consider. Hey, do you
know SpaceX is going public. Yeah, it
is. Uh, SpaceX pretty exciting company.
By the way, in the chat we have a a poll
going. What excites you the most about
SpaceX payload launch starship compute
in space AI orx.com or other explain it
in the chat. Do explain it in the chat.
If this is your first time here, you
don't know. But for the last bit of the
show, I go through the comments and we
have a discussion. If there's some
burning question you want answered, I'm
your guy. So, here we are. Uh some first
glimpses at the numbers. Starlink had
10.3 million paid subscriptions, double
the 5 million that it had a year ago.
And we're going to continue unlocking
new countries. We they are going to
continue unlocking new countries, uh,
new markets entirely. And of course, the
more satellites you get up, the more
throughput you have, the more
subscribers you can have. I had a great
chat with Quincy, uh, from Electric Euro
Chargers, a former SpaceX engineer,
about some of these, uh, optimistic
expansion goals. I had some real doubts
about some of the bigger numbers that
I've seen. He said, "Uh, no, from the
math perspective, it all works. Just
need regulatory approval in all these
places and, you know, just keep adding
satellites as they have been." Very good
stuff. Yeah. Uh, they've got the 10.3
million figure is a 105% increase. Of
course, it is, and it's still rising
quickly. Number is surprising given that
in February, uh, Starlink had crossed 10
million active customers. However, it
never defined exactly what it meant by
active when a household could be sharing
a single subscription. Right? Are we
counting every passenger on the plane
that uses Starlink? I don't know.
Defines it as a unique service line that
is directly assigned to an account
registered to a person or entity that
does not have a direct negotiated
agreement with the Starlink sales team.
So there you go. Paid subscribers
include both personal business and you
know the global priority subscription
plans does not include managed to
enterprise and government customers with
contracts in domain including rate
aviation maritime and land mobility. So
there's your answer. Here's what the the
map looks like of customers. Africa is
going to fill out. Asia may fill out.
They've got some of their own
satellites, some of their own concerns.
But how on earth is SpaceX going to make
any money off the XAI side of it? If
only someone wanted to borrow your
computer for a minute. Hey, Anthropic
wants to borrow that computer for a
minute and we'll pay 15 billion a year
to do it. That's uh that's a a few
dollars for those just tuning in.
Anthropic, of course, I rebooted and so
of course now I've hit a payw wall, but
it doesn't matter. You know the story.
Uh, pay walls, man. Pay walls. Anthropic
is going to be paying $1.25 billion per
month to SpaceX uh for use of Colossus 1
and two
because people, oh, Elon, I thought he
needed all that compute. I thought they
were computed. In the future, they will
be, but for now, they've got idle
capacity. Let's rent it out. And I'll
tell you what, if somebody wants to pay
me a billion dollars a month to to rent
something, if they want to pay 15
billion to to borrow something that I
didn't pay $15 billion for, I'm going to
say yes. So that's I mean, come on. Hey,
have you had any clickbait today?
Because this one is clickbait. Europe
reveals a rocket that could outperform
SpaceX's Starship efficiency, right?
Could it? I mean on paper uh but uh
rockets I don't know if you know seldom
fly on paper. They fly in the sky. Uh
the sky is where they mostly fly. So uh
this is
great. Uh it's a wonderful drawing of a
rocket. I'm also good at drawing
rockets. I can draw a rocket and write
on the rocket a little caption that says
bigger and better than Starship. And
there you go. Write an article about me.
There is no prototype. There is no final
design. It's an idea. So, that's great,
isn't it? Uh, I did ask our good friend
Grock about it. No, the RLVc is very
unlikely to outperform Starship in any
meaningful real world sense. It's a
paper concept. Yeah, partially reusable.
It's got some claimed performance, but
come on, who knows? Oh gosh, I didn't
even see that part. and booster glides
back and is supposedly caught midair by
a subsonic aircraft. Wow.
So, sure, why not? Why not? I mean, I've
uh heard worse ideas, but none jumped to
mind immediately. Um hey, what are you
going to do? If you'd like uh the news,
uh stock is up today, 2%. Okay. Uh hey,
reminder to subscribe. I show you this
because it's a lot of fun. Yesterday, my
buddy Charlie uh said, "Ah, this isn't
what I see. What I see is this." All
right. You know, that's fair, too. That
is absolutely fair. Hey, if you're uh in
Portland this weekend and you're looking
for something to do, you could uh join
uh celebrate Electric Summit Tesla
Tiger. The Tiger location is
participating. There's a bunch of these
around the country. Put in your city
name, Tesla open house, and see what
pops up. Uh, this is from noon to 3:00
p.m. I'll probably be there around 1:30,
2:00 because I'm busy in the morning.
I'm going to the Oregon Electric Vehicle
Association's uh drive event. We're
heading out to Camp 18 on a little road
road convoy. Going to have some fun out
there. Delightful breakfast at Camp 18.
It's an old retro not retro, I mean it's
an old logging camp, the logging museum
next door. It's a lot of fun. And if
those are too far from you, well, you've
got 10 days to get to summer meetup in
Moskegan, Michigan, June 5th and 6th.
Going to have a whole heap and helping
of fun with some uh amazing speakers on
Rivian, on robotics, on FSD. Yeah, David
Moss is in the house. We shall have him
joining us. Hey, uh what's going on with
batteries, man? Do you know that
Changanbacked Gangfang solid state
battery hits 1100 cycles with 400 watt
hours per kilogram and 500 watt hours
per kilogram in production? This is not
a picture of the production. This is
just a picture. These are kind of real
uh close to real. They're pretty real.
They're not at scale yet.
But to the question of are solid state
batteries coming? Uh you know, hey. Oh
yeah, JD Luke points out, is the market
open?
That's a great question. Let's jump back
and double check. Uh, no. Now it closed
on May 22nd. That's last week's number.
Thank you, JD, for the correction.
Making me making me look bad there.
Holidays. I've never really gotten to
enjoy holidays. I worked as a banker for
a few years. We got holidays. That was
nice. But that uh was a very brief
chapter uh in my life. Uh, and then on
the sales side, you don't get holidays.
I don't I don't know. I've had people
apologize for contacting me on holidays
and I say, "What's a holiday?" So, this
is a siliconbased route alongside
lithium metal. They're also developing
other stuff as well. Um, interestingly,
there is a company called Prologium that
uh has been working on solid state
batteries for ages now. uh founded 20
years ago. They've got over a thousand
patents. This company is actually doing
the work that a lot of the startups
pretend to do. Well, we've got two
patents. Yeah, they've got a thousand
and they are now commercializing small
ones. Uh they have an actual production
line that makes these. Are they
miracles? Are they doing things that
can't be believed? No. They're just
pretty good. They solve a number of
problems, but hey. And if you want to
see more about it, head over to Tubbit
Da Vinci. Ricky did a fantastic in-depth
kind of thing where he, as you can see
in the picture, is going to be chopping
it with scissors. Uh, and it still
works. He uh gets to see inside the
factory, inside the lab, ask anything he
wants and publish it. That to me is a
sign of a company that is doing real
things. I could be wrong. I've been
wrong before. You'd be surprised. BYD's
uh blade uh new blade battery is
brilliant, but good luck taking it
apart. Yeah, it took eight hours for a
team to tear it down, and even then
servicing it looked questionable. I'll
save you the time. It's not meant to be
serviced. Uh it is difficult to take
apart. The battery works great. Narrow
cells, structural elements, tight
packaging, all that. The trade-off is
when something goes wrong, you got to
just replace it, which is true of nearly
all EV batteries. That's just how they
work. The uh the advantages uh to being
serviceable are always outweighed by the
complication, by the extra weight, by
the extra engineering of building it in
that way. You want the pack to be
structural, which BYD has is
transitioning into structural battery
packs. then you're going to need a
battery that is really glued together.
So that's the bottom line. It's not
meant to be serviceable. Uh so it isn't.
GM is cranking up US investments again.
And this time it's great news.
It isn't. Uh what they're cranking up on
is spending an absolute fortune on dino
burners. Yeah. If you love uh set
inflamed to dino burner juice, uh the
splody juice go boom is a lot more uh
prominent at General Motors in addition
to a $300 million investment in the
plant to increase transmission
production. Uh
uh the best transmission is of course no
transmission. GM also announced it would
double its original $40 million
investment to boost transmission
production in Ohio, which is great if
you want a replacement for your failing
transmission. What I want is no
transmission. So, what investors love
that it's a sploy juice, which leads to
juicy profits. Ah, so juicy for the
short term while the company
strategically positions itself to never
sell internationally again. That's real
Wall Street thinking. General Motors and
Samsung
have paused the plant, their battery
plant, their joint venture. They say,
"Yeah, we're going to finish the walls
so it doesn't uh rot to nothing." But,
uh, at that point, we're going to just
walk away. Walk away from it. which to
me says Samsung may be purchasing the
plant for a dollar like we've seen in
other situations and making batteries
for someone who's actually serious about
making electric cars. Uh yeah, it'll
pause indefinitely after the exteriors
finish. Potential reasons for the halt,
including economic factors and the end
of EV incentives. You think? Yeah, we
knew this was going to happen. I tried
to warn people who said no, no, no. uh
new administrations don't immediately
undo everything the previous one did.
Well, uh sometimes they do. And while
we've got uh a lot of the incentives
have been removed, good. Who needs them?
Uh the incentives on oil and gas have
not gone away, nor will they. They make
$3 billion a day in profit. You know how
many politicians you can buy for that?
All of them. It turns out Ford reshapes
EV battery plans as valuation gap and
CMO search emerge.
Yeah, I love it. There's all kinds of
great articles about how this is. I've
got one coming up this week or next
about u a journalist who got to see the
skunk works project at Ford and he was
so impressed with all of the factors,
all of the things that went into it,
specifically the things they copied from
Tesla. I mean, you could just you could
just look at Tesla that feels like it
would save some time. But these uh
companies are not being serious. They
plan to exit uh the Blue Oval SK battery
joint venture, take full ownership of
both Kentucky plants, and they're
searching for a new chief marketing
officer cuz that's what you need when
you have a terrible product, is better
marketing, more marketing. So, the
investment in batteries in trouble. SK
Innovations, one of the world's largest
manufacturers of automotive grade
batteries. They will find a customer who
knows who it could be, literally
anybody. Uh Ford Energy lands its first
customer in battery storage deal. So
Ford has pivoted to making batteries
that will go into effectively mega
packs, battery energy storage solutions,
grids scale energy products. EDF Power
Solutions. It's a French company. It's a
French uh power utility. They're going
to buy a bunch of them. Great. I
suppose. Hey, do you know if you like
this channel, in addition to
subscribing, you could actually throw me
a couple bucks. It really helps uh
because there is very little money in uh
telling the unvarnished truth. It is not
something that I'm not an influencer.
Influencers get invited to everything on
the condition that they say nice things
and I don't do that. Techrunch Mobility.
Uh the AI skills arms race is coming for
automotive. You may be wondering why is
the formatting so bad on this page. It's
because I'm viewing it offsite. their
site so riddled with ads that you
literally would half half of this page
at any given moment would be an ad. So
that's not acceptable. I can't read it.
There's a bit of a theme emerging and
really every industry AI's jobs for some
at the loss of others. GM laid off more
than 10% of its IT department, about 600
salaried employees in a deliberate skill
swap. Won't translate to a onetoone
exchange, which means there'll be a net
negative job loss because if it was 1:1,
why would they do it? These AI jobs are
having are mounting in the automotive
sector. CNBC calculated for GM and
Santis have cut more than 20,000 US
salary jobs. So anyway, it's uh it's
tricky. Uh, Rivian spin-off company Mind
Robotics raised another 400 million just
two months after raising 500 million.
Ah, that's exciting, I guess, if you're
if you're Rivian. Uh, but yeah, that's
uh exciting. Hey, Whimo halts freeway
rides after struggle in construction
zones. Again, apologies for the weird
formatting, but it's that or oops all
ads. Uh so suspended service on freeways
in San Francisco, Los Angeles, Phoenix,
and Miami as it works to improve
performance in construction zones. This
is where neural nets pay off. Uh David
Moss is once again on a big road trip,
this time going coast to coast through
Canada. They hit their first major
obstacle when they got to a construction
zone on the highway. And a human uh not
a human, but a a sign a a sign that said
basically like slow proceed with
caution. And the car just stopped and
they're like, "Uh-oh, what's going to
happen?" Someone behind them honked and
it sat and then the car realized, "Oh,
okay." And proceeded. That's a neural
net. Your if then says if you get stuck,
you remain stuck. Stuck is where you
remain. So this uh decision to pull robo
taxis off freeways allows Whimo's uh
decision to uh uh pause operations in
Atlanta and San Antonio to address
problems with flooding in these cities.
So that's you know a thing that's
happening.
Why Lucid is becoming a robo taxi
moonshot. So we are doing great on time.
We've got a few more stories to get
through and then the Q&amp;A. Stick around,
won't you? Lucid's one of the best
moonshot tech stocks to buy. According
to short sellers,
boom, roasted stocks latest uh said the
short interest stood at 48.97%
of float.
Lucid's moonshot case sharpened when the
company said Uber would lift its total
investment in Lucid to a half billion
and expand its purchase commitment to at
least 35,000 Lucid vehicles. So, here's
the trick is everybody that uh that Uber
is partnering with has really expensive
vehicles. You really think you're going
to compete by on price with a Lucid
Gravity? That's a really nice car.
That's really difficult. And I've
experienced the Gravity. It is nowhere
close to ready for prime time in terms
of the autonomous technology. I don't
see a road map. I would love to talk
with them and get a road map, but they
will not talk with me. They'll talk with
me a little. They'll talk with me
surface level, but they won't let me in
to see the magic because it's all smoke
and mirrors. I'm confident if they had
the goods, they'd show me uh because
they'll talk to me. It's not about that.
So, the reason short sellers remain
crowded into the name is also plain to
see. First quarter, uh revenue of 282
million. Wow. Up 20% while production
rose 149%. Wow. But they didn't sell
hardly any of them. 40% of them remained
unsold. And Reuters reported that Lucid
suspended its fullear forecast after
missing quarterly revenue. Uh it's
scary stuff. They've got some money.
It's just not their money. Not sure how
you deal with it. If you'd like to see
their road map to success, it is this
little camo boy right here. This is the
upcoming Lucid Cosmos. It's their
midsize. You can see it's about the size
of a Model Y. a little shorter, but it
may save the company. All they have to
do is make them affordably and sell them
profitably at extreme volume. That may
at the very least stop the bleeding. It
may slow the bleeding, but I feel like
uh
it's a big challenge. Um I think that's
Yeah, I can do a couple more. I've got a
couple more I wanted to get through.
Stellantis just decided the future of
its 14 car brands. and you're going to
love it. So, Chrysler's getting some
love. I mean, not really. The future of
Dodge and Chrysler in the US has been in
question with a depleted product roster
because they keep canceling stuff and
not replacing it unless you count, you
know, like the electric charger, which
they got rid of, by the way. Very
confusing name to try and look that up.
All you find is wall-mounted chargers.
Three platforms to dominate product
lineup. This skateboard, great, I guess.
But the technology groups are Stella
Brain, the capable scalable central
compute and software architecture. Oh
no, your software is famously not very
good.
Stella smart cockpit to define a new way
for customers to interact with their
vehicles. That's still software. That's
one of your weaknesses. And Stella
Autodrive, which will be Stellantis'
scalable autonomous driving system. Oh
no, that's something you don't have. So
it's great. We've got a threeprong
attack uh using three prongs we don't
have. This is like a a floppy tines of a
fork. So, good job. You're one of those
mosquitoes whose proboscus has been
genetically engineered not to pierce the
skin. This is not a great solution. All
three are expected to launch in 2027. I
shall not be holding my breath. Join me
in not holding breath, won't you?
factory cuts, but American workforce is
safe because it's great. Stantis is in
trouble. And I'll tell you the reason
why is because they've got local talent
who are not allowed to make decisions.
And European talent who thinks they know
what America wants. America wants big
dumb cars, right? Well, you got the big
and dumb part, right? But they're not
very good cars. Really? I just made it
huge. I thought that's what you guys
liked. You're missing it. You're missing
the the critical nuance here. So, good
job. Stalantis plans to reduce capacity
in Europe by more than 800 thou 800,000
units, repurposing plants and leveraging
partnerships. Volkswagen's doing the
same thing. They are reducing their
capacity by a million cars. Ah, Vinfast
did a a fun little shuffle. They're
selling their factories to a to a
partner who is not arms length. Uh, this
is a real close transaction. And it's a
company headed by someone who's
basically in the Vinfast family, who's
been part of the Vinfast Empire's
growth. $7 billion in debt. So, they're
selling these two factories for a half
billion dollars. And by the way, not
only do you get the factories, you get
the 7 billion in debt. Aha, my hands are
clean. Are they? This is not an illegal
move. This is not fraud. Uh but it is uh
shenanigans. It's financial shenanigans.
It's something that uh that raises red
flags as the headline correctly points
out uh to a group of investors who will
also assume the 6.9 billion in debt. Uh
it'll become largely debtree. So look at
us. We did it. We're debtree and we've
never turned a profit. Uh Vinfast, I'm
hopeful, but I'm not convinced. EVs
equipped with vehicle integrated
photovoltaic cells could cover up to 80%
of their electricity needs. Could they?
study says they could, but could they? I
will save you the time. The answer is
no. Uh because while if you were to deck
it all the way out, you could get a
little bit of juice. And it even says in
here, this is incumbent. This is uh
dependent on them having very short
daily routes. And if you were to deck
out an entire trailer uh with it, truck
trailers could generate up to 55
kilowatt hours per day. Yeah, but don't
you consume like 2 kilowatt hours per
mile? So, you get 27 miles for having
the entire roof of a trailer covered?
What is the extra drag? What is the
extra weight? Are you actually saving
anything? And the answer is nah, but
we're spending a bunch of money for
something that is possible. I'm not
going to go into this one. This was to
be my last story. I guess it is. Top
Gear out there just squirting out
nonsense. The most anticipated cars.
It's got some great pictures of some
cool stuff. U It's in camo. I don't know
how excited you get to be about the
Well, I don't know how to say that, so
I'll do it wrong on purpose. The Cop Cup
Rayal.
Sure it's not that. Ionic 3. Look at
that. We're getting into hatchback zone.
That's great. The Subaru Outbacks at
number four. Uh the almost no range
Honda Super N. Great. The real trick to
me was that they put uh the Hyundai
Stara electric. Oof. Oof. I'm sure its
mother loves it. But they put uh the
Twingo is ahead of of the Jeep Recon,
which is ahead of the Denza Z9 GT. This
list is ridiculous. I may do a whole
show on it later this week, time
permitting, because I got to hurry up
and get out of town to go to Moskegan.
Hey, that'll be fun. Let's uh have a
chat, shall we? In the chat, we've got
just a few minutes left. I will go over
a little bit if I have to because there
was just so much news to cover. Oh boy,
there's a lot of chat here.
Oh my gosh, you guys. That's great. Uh
hello from Germany. Yes, great. Space
travel is what excites me. Yeah, so
that's an other. I get it. Uh space
travel excited me more when I was
younger. Now I'm like, I don't know,
man. How much pollution would be
generated? Oh, by 10,000 launches.
Yeah, it's a good question. Starlink is
playing a big part in Ukraine. Honestly,
the sooner some kind of space elevator
makes the booster stage pointless, the
better. I don't think it'll happen
because that tether u in addition to the
obvious logical challenges would sweep
across the path of every satellite,
absolutely every satellite because you
have to do it at the equator. It's the
only place you can do it. And every
satellite passes the equator. So, that
would be the biggest challenge is it
would be uh a little bit of a little bit
of a a light that all the moths
eventually find. Uh-huh. Uh I think they
will need offshore launch platforms. I
do too. I do too. You're still going to
hear them because they're so gosh darn
loud, but offshore is really You could
add one in the desert. You could add one
in Nevada. That would help. But you're
still going to hear it, man, cuz it's
just that loud. Figured South America
would be a big Starlink customer. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh merger later this year.
Don't know. I'm ambivalent. I don't have
enough information to have an open uh
opinion on that to have a conclusion, I
guess, is what I would say. Got
distracted by reading the word open.
It's a great business. Uh move to rent
out compute when it's available. Yeah,
business become dependent and soon
they'll become a constant source of
income. If uh SpaceX AI is able to
configure their networks in ways that
others struggle to do, if they're able
to stand them up, if they're able to get
the power, if they're able to maintain
the reliability,
you know, do you really want to build
your own? Do you really want to tie up
that much capital while you're waiting
to build it and hoping it's going to
work? I don't know. owning a Model Y
with FSD and I use AI and get asked many
questions from those who are not
knowledgeable in either. I'm starting to
get a bit cat callous in my uh response
to ignorance. Vacation needed. I know
that feeling sometimes. Uh what I'm
really excited about for Starship launch
capability capacity versus cost is the
industries this opens up we're not
thinking about today. So, so that's the
thing. How come no one's using a Falcon
Heavy? You know, it's got all this
capacity. No one's because no one knew
to design for it. When Starship first
launches, no one's going to have a giant
satellite ready to go, but people can
think about it. And when you're running
the feasibility study for your giant
satellite, you go, "Well, what's the
launch going to cost?" And then you see
the price tag, you're like, "Oh, okay.
We could actually we could actually do
this." It's going to take 5 10 years to
even start seeing those things because
once you design it, once you
conceptualize it, then you have to get
the money, then you have to build it and
then you get to launch it. So yeah, I
agree with you.
Yeah, JD thought he was wrong once, but
he was mistaken. It's a good way.
It's also a good way to monetize
obsolete equipment. Uh by being wrong
about uh being mistaken. No, I kid. GM
smoke and mirrors. I'm interested in
every part of SpaceX.
Baby Juice made a boom boom. I'll
believe it when Toyota does it. Solid
State coming soon to a Prius near you.
Not this year, not next year, but soon.
Every year since 2009.
Toyota moving you forward. Killing
incentives killed all the domestic
legacy automakers. Yeah. Yeah, it did.
which is great if you want to retreat to
your borders and never sell
internationally again. I'm of the
opinion that those companies would
prefer to sell internationally to have a
place on the international market, but I
guess I was wrong. They drove past a gas
station a little while ago. Well, my car
did. The numbers there are plenty of
incentive. I should think you should.
You should. But people the second it
goes down, they forget. They go right
back to the Yukons and the Suburbans.
first legacy automaker to license FSD.
You know, we used to really wait for
that. We used to really look at it and
think, boy, this should be happening any
day now. The longer it takes, the more
I'm convinced no one will. So, yeah,
skunk works stinks. Humans are stupid.
Gas was higher before. People ignore
that fact. I'm hungry, but too lazy to
make breakfast. Fair. Fair. I have no
solutions for you. I apologize. That's
why I'm eating pretzels. Boy,
informative. better than influencer.
Thank you. I appreciate that. It's
I can't do the influencer thing. I just
can't. It just doesn't sit right with
me. Starship reminds me of lasers when
they were first invented. A solution
looking for a problem. I'm not sure
space-based data centers is a problem we
need solving, but there probably is one.
Yeah, laser. Well, what are they for?
Like, why do you need that? What could
you possibly use it for? Hey, would you
believe everything? Oh, interesting.
Well, it's like when smart devices first
came out. So, what are you going to put
on it? Apps. Well, what do they do?
Everything. Can you be more specific?
No.
Freeways are easier to drive. Yeah,
that's the crazy part. Freeways are
easier to drive. Whimo, have you
Why did you go live? What did I miss? I
go live every Monday at 9:00 a.m.
Pacific. Have for quite a few months
now. Probably all year. I don't know. So
the news what you missed is these 20
news stories that I have covered. 21 22.
The entire economy of the world runs on
power. Steam, electricity. The only
ample source is the sun. Not a hard
concept. Imagine making anything without
power. Yeah. Let's see.
I'm doing all right. Boomer Bob V2.
Thank you so much. Every Monday. Yep.
Every bit of coal and oil has its
ultimate source of energy in solar
power. Yeah. Uh, not I mean uranium is
from a sun just not ours.
Lucid saw saw lucid on the autobond.
It's like seeing a unicorn. Yeah, I
believe that.
Uhhuh. Let's see. By sequestering carbon
keeping the atmosphere clean. Not going
to happen. Okay, I think that's we're
over four minutes already. Uh, Brian,
make an AI influencer
uh to fund the informative venture. You
could aggregate the FUD once a year and
get hijacked by Futurasa.
I mean, it sounds fun. It also sounds
like a job. A second job I do not have
time for. Still doing Wednesday and
Friday. I'm still doing Friday. I only
did the I we stopped doing Wednesdays
when her well I left Herbert's show
because it was a co-stream. It started
with uh us getting about equal views and
over time it ended up 9010 uh for
Herbert. So I would get about 10% of the
views he would get and I'm you know it's
just um wasn't working. You know I was
making like uh $6 an hour or something
like that. So uh uh so Wednesdays I'm
not uh presently doing live streams. I
could go back to that if there's
sufficient interest. Let me know. So
guys, what did I miss? What did I
misunderstand? Leave it. Enter them in
the comments below. If you're catching
this on the replay, you gots to tell me
in the comments below, I guess. No need
to point to the chat. That'll be gone.
Everybody else, like, subscribe, do what
you do, and stay tuned. Stay juicy. And
I cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots. Perhaps on Saturday at the uh
Tiger Tesla showroom around 1:30, 2:00
or at the Oregon Electric Vehicle
Association ride uh fun uh get out and
drive event heading out to Camp 18 and
uh you know then after that I'm probably
going to the Portland Rose City Fair. Uh
but that's not a public I mean that's
not like an event where I'm appearing.
It's just a place I'm going. But if you
do see me at an event like that, come up
and say hi. I don't mind a bit. Talk to
you guys soon.