Channel:     electrified
Title:       I Was Wrong About Tesla's Cybercab (Important Update) ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uNFbf15Ay0
Published:   2026-05-13 23:20 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-14 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. As it turns out, I believe
that I was wrong about the Cyber Cab
after that September 15th prediction for
when a Cyber Cab will hit the market.
After that video, something just didn't
feel right. So, I got back to research
and found some new things. And I have to
say, part of me is glad that it happened
because by the end of this video, I
think it'll end up being pretty
educational for exactly what's going on.
But today, I will be officially
adjusting my expectation for when the
cyber cab will hit the robo taxi
network. But most importantly, I want to
share my new rationale for why. So,
we'll get there, but just to quickly tap
into what's going on in Dallas, Spencer
said the worst robo taxi move he's seen
in recent months. The car tried to turn
onto a street. it got stuck and just sat
there blocking the road for almost a
minute. Now, look, as Spencer said, and
as we know, most of the robo taxi rides
are great. And now, I wouldn't say this
situation was particularly dangerous,
but what we have to understand is that
if you have things like this happening
at a certain proportion of overall
rides, when you scale, the number of
times we see instances like this is of
course going to scale with more cars in
the fleet. and Reuters just went to test
the robo taxi network also in Dallas and
they said the service was plagued by
long wait times and sometimes no
availability at all. The drop off spots
and some rides were far away from the
riders destination. For 30 minutes the
reporter tried booking a ride but would
get high demand or service unavailable.
And after 36 minutes of trying, one
became available and the wait time was
19 minutes. So, of course, this should
be expected with only a handful of
vehicles in operation. And with such
narrow geo fences right now, it really
is more of a beta than a full-blown
active service. And as you'll see in
this video, Tesla's support had to get
involved, and they're certainly still
dealing with some navigation issues.
&gt;&gt; At one point, the car seems to get
confused by a do not enter sign near a
freeway off-ramp.
&gt;&gt; You missed a turn again. Instead of
taking a left turn, it kept on going
straight. Then it made right turns to
double back again and again in a circle.
Eventually, I had to call Tesla support
just to get their help in making that
left turn.
&gt;&gt; It did.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it looks like it made that left
turn for you. Uh, is there anything else
I can help you with today?
&gt;&gt; On another ride, what should have been
20 minute drive to city hall took nearly
2 hours. Uh I I don't actually know
where I am. And I asked uh Tesla support
why isn't the car going to the uh city
hall, my destination, and they said they
don't actually serve the area area
around the city hall yet. Mainly because
they're still testing. And in the
Reuters report, even the Tesla agent
said that we're still in the beta
version. And as we know, even in Austin,
customers will have to wait north of 30
minutes, and sometimes they're not able
to get a ride at all. And Reuters said
Tesla's operating about 50 vehicles in
Austin, according to a recent slideshow
presentation by Austin officials, which
compares to more than 250 Whimos in
Austin. And lastly, a reporter in Austin
spent 3 weeks in April tracking wait
times for Tesla's robo taxis. the wait
times were over 15 minutes about half
the time and were at least 25 minutes
more than 25% of the time and then 27%
of the time no cars were available at
all. So yes, it's Reuters and they tend
to paint with a negative brush when it
comes to Tesla, but in this case, I
actually think it's likely a realistic
representation of the true experience of
non-Tesla fans. So given all of that,
tracking Tesla's robo taxi progress is
the thing when it comes to Tesla right
now. So I want to share something I've
been working on and just bear with me.
It's only V1 and we know what Elon says,
things usually don't get good until V3,
but I really have had a blast putting it
together and think it can be useful even
in its current form. I told you guys I
was vibe coding another dashboard. This
one to track Tesla's robo taxi progress.
I'm calling it Tesla Autonomy. So, I
want to quickly just walk you through
some of the features so you know what
you're looking at and how to navigate it
because you will be able to visit this
dashboard, save it for yourself, and
view the updated information anytime.
For the map section, you can zoom in and
out. So, if you want to see more detail,
you can click on each active city to get
a popup dashboard with more information.
The Bay Area is this orange color
because it's still supervised and not
technically a robo taxi service, but you
can still click to pull up more
information. As we've covered on the
channel, Tesla has not yet applied for
that California driverless permit. And
of course, we have the other cities like
Vegas and Phoenix and a few in Florida
that Tesla has said officially they'll
be launching in. Moving down to zone 2,
you'll see those officially announced
cities and how many days Tesla has left
to launch in those cities to meet its
own timelines. You can click on the
hiring watch list button right here to
see all of the active listings where it
plans to hire vehicle operators in new
cities. And when you click on that
button, you'll see these gray circles
populate on the map to see where Tesla
is planning to expand. Down in zone 3,
we have some more official information
comparing Tesla to Whimo and each of
these different data points you can also
click on to get more information. In
zone 4, you'll see the different active
cities with the date of when Tesla
launched the service in that city, and
you'll see an active counter for how
many days it's been operating. And one
of my favorite parts of the dashboard is
the Nitsa incident data reported in a
visually appealing and easy to
understand way. So, no more fooling
around with those CSV files. This
actually shares more important
information, like five out of Tesla's 15
incidents were when the Tesla vehicle
was stopped, meaning Tesla was not at
fault. And further, it'll break down the
pre-crash movement of the Tesla vehicle,
the injury severity for each incident,
and the geography in which the incident
happened. And what's great about this is
this dashboard will largely update
itself. And yes, I vibecoded this with
Perplexity Computer, who happens to be
the sponsor of this video. And many of
you know I've been using Perplexity
Computer since the day it came out. And
so when they offered to sponsor the
channel, it was incredibly exciting.
I'll just say it. I'd love to work with
them on a long-term basis. So if you
want to support the channel, trying out
Perplexity Computer and all of this
agentic AI would be an awesome way to
support the channel. So, I told Computer
I wanted a Bloomberg terminal style
layout in a Tesla aesthetic, the most
important robo taxi metrics, plus a
head-to-head comparison with Whimo. It
then broke that goal into different
tasks. It spun up specialized agents in
parallel and just started building. And
listen, I'm not a developer by any
stretch. I cannot write in React, but I
can give clear instructions and that's
the whole point. Perplexity Computer
does the actual work. I just guide and
correct even down to very small details
like me saying I wanted these orange
circles to pulse. I wanted this red
outline around the brief me section
which by the way is an active button you
can click to see a change log for the
past 5 days of all the progress Tesla
has made and it'll give you an update on
the most recent 48 hours of Tesla news.
And if you haven't used computer before
prepare to have your mind blown. One
example, originally when this Tesla
verse Whimo section came back, you
couldn't click on any of the info. So, I
just said verbally via dictation, hey,
I'd like to be able to click on each of
these numbers to give more information.
And so, folks can actually click through
to the source. I then walk away from my
setup for a few minutes, and Perplexity
Computer runs the task in the background
on its own, self-correcting itself by
spinning up these sub agents. And a few
minutes later, I come back with the
ability to click on these data points
and see these popups in the dashboard.
The reality is that's just something I
would have no idea how to do on my own.
And computer connects to hundreds of
different services right out of the box.
So for this dashboard, it's pulling live
from a Google sheet that I can manage on
my own. Or I could set up cron jobs
which are automations. So the sheet will
update itself. You may have seen the
dashboards also pulling from the YouTube
API to have my latest YouTube videos at
the bottom. And zooming in on the full
screen mode, you'll see the Tesla and
NASDAQ prices also in real time. And so
every night at a set time, computer
wakes itself up, refreshes the data,
snapshots the changes, and redeploys to
the site. So I set this up once, and now
it'll just run on its own for as long as
I want it to. And this same tool helped
me research and source every number on
the dashboard. Computer routes the work
across multiple AI models in parallel.
So while one agent was cross-checking
Tesla's IR deck, another was pulling
Whimo's latest blog post. So computer's
not replacing me, at least not yet. But
it's giving me a team of agents to do
things that I can't do on my own. And it
does them while I sleep or while I do
anything else. So honestly guys, sponsor
or not, I cannot recommend Perplexity
Computer enough. This technology is
going to have massive implications on
our future and I believe those that
learn the technology early are going to
benefit the most. So the link to this
very dashboard will be below. It's
electrified.plx.app
and you can click this red brief me
button and it'll start your own
Perplexity Computer session. And again,
you can save or bookmark this very
dashboard that will be updated in real
time, and it is optimized for mobile and
desktop. So, if you can't tell, I'm
super excited about this one. I really
hope you guys take a second to try this
out for yourself. And as always, thank
you for supporting the channel in this
way. It might take a few seconds to load
the first time you do it, but after
that, it should be good. And share all
the feedback you have because again, in
the weeks ahead, I'll continue to build
this out and update it. But this brings
me back to the Cyber Cab deployment
timeline conversation. In the last
video, we talked about the challenges
Tesla had getting FSD to work well on
the Cybertruck. When I went back and did
more research, got further into the
weeds, it turns out we don't have any
official information like I thought
about exactly what the challenges were.
But based on forums and comments and
everything I could gather, it seems like
the options are the rear wheel steer of
the Cybertruck, the variable ratio
steering of the Cybertruck, and of
course, the camera positioning on the
vehicles and the overall vehicle
dynamics. So, all three were certainly a
factor. But here's the thing, on the
Cyber Cab, none of those challenges are
actually going to apply. The Cyber Cab
will not have rear wheel steering, which
is also known as four-wheel steering.
That's a very niche feature, usually for
higher-end vehicles or larger trucks,
but that's something the Cyber Cab won't
have. And then production variants of
the Cyber Cab without a wheel and pedals
obviously will not have a variable
steering ratio in the traditional sense
because there's no physical steering
wheel at all. Meaning the output
controls on the Cyber Cab will all be
done with AI and software. And we know
the Cyber Cab is a front-wheel drive
vehicle, so it will still likely use
steer by wire except those controls will
be sent to the actuators that will
actually turn the wheels on the front
axle. And once again, all of that will
be handled with AI and software. And
sure, the camera placements on the Cyber
Cab are different than the rest of the
lineup, but it's going to be much closer
to a vehicle like the Model 3. And so
there will definitely be a season needed
to retrain the models for the Cyber Cab
build, but I was looking at it totally
wrong. So what Tesla pulled off, getting
FSD on the Cybertruck was going to be
far harder than getting FSD on the Cyber
Cab. Said another way, if Tesla can
figure out FSD for the Cybertruck and
all those specialty features, then it
should actually be relatively easy on
the Cyber Cab. But before I share my new
expected timeline for cyber cab
deployment, I do want to touch on the
unboxed method because FSD aside,
obviously Tesla needs to work out the
physical part of the cyber cab from a
manufacturing standpoint. And I do
really think Tesla moving to the Ether
Loop gets slept on because it is that
breakthrough that actually enables Tesla
to do the unboxed manufacturing in the
first place. If you need a quick
refresher, Tesla took the traditional
wiring system where you would run a ton
of copper wires, sometimes all the way
across the vehicle, front to back, side
to side, to connect all these different
controllers that run things like the
windows, the lights, the motors, and
everything else. But now Tesla's Ether
Loop is shifting that to a high-speed
Ethernet ring around the car. Just think
of it like a NASCAR racetrack circling
the whole vehicle. along that track at
different points. You still have those
controllers. The older low-speed ones
are still speaking their familiar CANB
language, but Tesla then packages that
traffic and sends it over the faster
gigabit Ethernet backbone. And so the
high-performance stuff, things like
steer by wire, motor controls, and FSD
related traffic talks natively on this
new network. And here's the cool part.
Because it's a closed loop system
running around the car in both
directions, you get redundancy built in.
So if something happens, a signal gets
lost or a wire gets cut, that message
will still make it to the end
destination because it's running around
the car in two directions. And doing it
this way eliminates a massive amount of
wiring from the vehicle. We're talking
somewhere around 70% less wiring than a
Model 3 from about 490 wires down to
around 155 on the Cybert truck. Even
though the number of connection points
actually went up. So, it's cheaper, it's
lighter, it's way simpler to
manufacture. And it's actually the key
reason Tesla's unboxed manufacturing
process is possible. So, we know with
the unboxed method, you have these big
modules, the front end, the rear end,
the doors, and whatever else. Each one
has its own short segment of that ether
loop harness. So when you bring all the
modules together and snap them into
place, kind of like Legos, that full
ring just connects and then you're off
to the races. No more fighting with
giant harnesses that have to snake
through the entire car. And as always,
guys, there really is so much to the
story. Once you start getting into this
technology, you realize how many other
things it actually impacts and changes.
Because Tesla's running this system on
48 volts now, it means they can now run
both power and data over that Etherloop
system, which on its own unlocks a whole
host of new features. Tesla can now
integrate the audio system and the UI
controls directly into the main network
instead of needing their own separate
heavy wiring harnesses. And things like
active road noise cancellation and those
features can be carried out on the
Etherloop. But most critically of all,
if we assume that Tesla is indeed
running FSD commands and video feeds
from the cameras to the AI computer over
that Etherloop network, which I think is
a pretty safe assumption, it obviously
needs to have redundancy built in. It
needs to have very minimal latency and
it needs to be reliable. And you guessed
it, it is. The gigabit Ethernet can run
somewhere around 200 times faster than
the older canvas wiring with millisecond
type latency, which also just happens to
open up a ton of headroom for Tesla in
the future to continue building on and
adding on to that system. And as I said,
there's even more to the story. So over
time, Tesla has been working on building
all of these controllers inhouse,
vertically integrating them. So instead
of Tesla doing what most other
automakers do, working with hundreds of
different suppliers, each with their own
software and language for these vehicle
controllers, Tesla has been building
exactly what it needs on its own. And
they're actually making these
controllers more general purpose in this
case and more softwaredefined. That's
because Tesla wants to be able to
control multiple things with each
controller, the headlights, the brakes,
the windows, whatever else using fewer
unique controllers. But in the end,
Tesla can have far more connections
between everything because of how much
data they can move around the Etherloop.
And so all this to say, it's a
relatively new technology even for
Tesla. Yes, they have it on the Cybert
truck and likely on the semi as well,
but the Cyber Cab is going to benefit
immensely from this architecture given
again it has no rear steering, no
traditional variable steering ratios.
The camera placements are much closer to
the rest of the fleet and it's a
purpose-built autonomous first design
with no wheels or pedals. So my new
stance is that whatever neural net
training Tesla needs to do for the AI
steering output, it's going to be far
more straightforward than it was on the
Cybert truck. And as some of you pointed
out, it's also true that Cortex 2 is now
online and has started running training
workloads as Tesla told us on the Q1
deck. So Cortex 1 was over 100,000 H100
equivalents and Cortex 2 is going to be
over 130,000 H100 equivalents. But the
latter is still in the early ramp phase.
So, is Cortex 2 running frontier models
or is it just getting warmed up in a
sense? We don't have that level of
detail, but it's a fact that Tesla has
likely materially more compute available
now than it did when it was working on
getting FSD on the Cybert truck. So,
given all of that, I now happen to
believe that the deployment of the Cyber
Cab will largely hinge on Tesla's risk
tolerance. Meaning from a technical
standpoint, I think the Cyber Cab could
be ready for deployment sometime in the
coming weeks. Having received some
clarification on the challenges of
getting FSD on the Cybertruck, I now
think Tesla is incredibly well
positioned to have FSD ready for the
Cyber Cab. And it really should be far
more straightforward than what they had
to deal with with the Cybertruck. So
given all of that, my new expectation
for when we see a cyber cab on the robo
taxi network for a paid unsupervised
ride will be sometime in July. That
gives Tesla three full months from the
start of production to validate the
unboxed method to ensure the safety and
the tolerances and things like the ether
loop are all working as expected
reliably on all production units. And
having clarified all of this, part of me
does feel like it could be imminent even
sooner than that. But I keep defaulting
to Tesla has no reason to rush it. The
Model Y will work just fine on a small
scale like it is now. And there's just
no rational argument for why Tesla
should rush it. And anytime over the
next few months will be just fine in the
long run. So in the weeks ahead, I
myself will be watching with even more
anticipation now that I'm pretty
confident porting FSD to the Cyber Cab
is not going to be a challenge like it
was on the Cybert truck. So, my
apologies for the false alarm on Monday.
Hopefully, through this process, you
guys learned something new, but I am
sure this will not be the last time I
changed my mind about something Tesla
related. And before we move on, I found
the chart from Tesla where they show
they're now designing their own
controllers. So, the line is the
percentage of Tesla designed
controllers. Back with the Model S, it
was only 20%. With the Cybertruck, they
got up all the way to 85%. And for the
nextG vehicle, the Cyber Cab is expected
to be 100% designed inhouse. And some of
you will remember that Jim Farley
interview he gave last year where he
said they actually work with 150
different suppliers for these
controllers, each of which has its own
software and its own languages. And then
Ford has to bring that all together in
its vehicles. Whereas Tesla for their
cyber cab has one supplier and that
supplier is Tesla. And even companies
like Whimo, they're not developing their
own controllers. And the companies
they're sourcing vehicles from likely
aren't either, at least not to the level
Tesla is. So, this all just works
together to be part of the reason Tesla
can actually offer a Cyber Cab for less
than $30,000. So, again, we might have
to be patient when it comes to scaling
this year, and I'm trying to keep those
expectations low. But guys, truly longer
term, I still just don't see any way
anybody else can compete with Tesla
whenever that scale does arrive. Even if
we are waiting until next year, no one
is even close to being able to offer
what Tesla can because they've been
working on all of these technologies for
a decade plus today. Joe Teter said over
70 cyber cabs at Giga Texas outbound lot
today in three major areas and driving
around. I think this is now the largest
single gathering of cyber cabs I've
observed. The daily production rate is
still likely in the neighborhood of 5 to
15 per day, and I still think we're
likely to see hundreds shipped off
across the country for testing and
validation. But I am now much more
optimistic that the primary challenge
for Tesla deploying CyberC, whatever
that ends up being, will not likely be
getting FSD to work reliably on the
CyberCab. And Tesla's not yet at the
place where it'll start reporting on
number of rides given per vehicle or per
day or week or whatever metric. But that
time will come eventually. And when it
does, it'll be important to remember
this statistic. Recently, Pony AI said
reaching unit economics break even in
two tier 1 Chinese cities demonstrates
autonomous mobility is not only
technically viable, but also
economically sustainable at scale. And
their break even number per vehicle if
you look from a monthly perspective is
an average of 23 orders per vehicle per
day. Said another way, 23 rides per
vehicle per day. That's the number Pony
AI needs to hit to be at roughly break
even for its robo taxis. Now, of course,
exactly how Pony AI defines its unit
economics break even is going to be
somewhat of a black box, but 23 rides
per vehicle per day should be a number
we store in the back of our minds for
when Tesla starts reporting its data.
I've said we should be cautious with all
of these massive growth numbers for one
month data for Tesla sales this year.
Yes, they're certainly encouraging, but
I'm still waiting to zoom out to see how
we end up through two quarters looking
at the bigger picture. But something I
do believe is signal. Roland said Giga
Shanghai produced more cars than ever
during the first four months of the
year. And he shared this chart. So you
can see through April, which is this
blue box, that's the highest production
level ever for Giga Shanghai. Not by a
wide margin relative to 2024, but still
the best ever. and significantly ahead
of 2025. But guys, as always, we have to
have some perspective here. Remember, Q1
2025 was the change over to the new
Model Y and the new Model 3 and that
bled into Q2. But I still think this is
a meaningful way for Giga Shanghai to
start the year. And as Elon would say,
that's before FSD approved. And I would
add to that both in China for that
broader approval and largely across the
EU. We actually already talked about
this a few weeks ago, but Andre Turig
did say they announced a $250 million
investment for the Gigab Berlin cell
factory. It'll enable 18 gawatt hours of
annual 4680 cell production and create
more than 1,500 new jobs. Good news
during challenging times for the German
industry. And the reason this number
matters is because from an annual
perspective, that's likely to be enough
sales for in the neighborhood of 240,000
vehicles, which means once it's up and
running and hitting those levels, which
might take a year plus. But whenever
Gigab Berlin gets there, they might be
able to supply nearly 100% of vehicles
produced there with its own in-house
4680s. And further, I think it's a great
sign that Tesla feels very confident
about where 4680 production is at this
point, given that it's now exporting
that manufacturing process, which as far
as we know is likely to include DBE for
both the anode and the cathode. This
rendering you're seeing was created by
not a Tesla app, but Tesla has patented
a new trim clip to reduce rattles and
vibrations in the car. Tesla's patent
describes a new trim clip system that
uses a soft vibration isolating layer
between components. The patent says the
design helps improve retention while
also damping noise and vibration. I
really have come to love Tesla's
relentless innovation even with the
smallest of details. A full-on patent
for trim clips. The continuous
improvement and attention to detail are
unmatched. Drew Baglo just said, "You
know what? Heron power is not enough.
I'm going to fire up another startup
focused on heat pumps. The startup is
called Sadi Thermal Machines. Little is
known about the company right now, but
it appears to employ several Tesla
alumni. Don't forget what Drew said in
the past. We've learned a lot about how
to make capable and reliable heat pumps
that work in all environmental
conditions and are excited about the
idea of working on that problem one day.
That problem being a heat pump that
would handle both HVAC and water
heating. He said making a heat pump for
the home would be easier. It's way
harder in a vehicle. It's so constrained
on mass and volume and energy. So
hopefully Drew can find success with
this company and then Tesla can acquire
his company in a few years and finally
bring that Tesla branded home HVAC
system to market. Today Whimo said we're
expanding in Miami with Austin, Atlanta,
Houston, and the Bay Area up next. Soon
we'll cover 1,400 plus square miles
across 11 cities. And yes, I plan to add
this statistic to my Teslaomy tracker.
So rather than just showing the current
biggest geoence for each company, we can
also have the total square miles
covered. Today on LinkedIn, Matt Mlullen
said, "Covenant Logistics is kicking off
a 3-week demo of the Tesla Semi. We are
running the 500 mile variant and keeping
our day simple with a 200-mile round
trip. More details coming soon. As of
now, it's looking like I will have
another interview upload coming this
Sunday. So, be on the lookout for that
one. Tesla stock closed the day at
$44527,
up 2.73% while VNDX was up 1.04%.
The volume was 4% above the average. And
don't forget, if you have any interest
in checking out Perplexity Computer, my
link's in the description below. Then
you can click that brief me button on
the dashboard, and that will open up
your own Perplexity Computer session,
and you can go from there. Even if it's
just for one month, I highly recommend
you try building something on your own.
If you haven't, I am very confident your
mind will be blown. Hope you all have a
wonderful day and a huge thank you to
all of my Patreon supporters.